:title: OMS v0.8 Release Notes
:description: Release notes for the OMS v0.8 series
:keywords: release notes, contributing, oms, v0.8,


.. _v0.8-release_notes:

OMS v0.8 Series Release Notes
==============================

Here are some release notes associated with the v0.8.x series of OMS.


v0.8.5.1
--------

Focal Points
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* documentation improvements


oms-docs
~~~~~~~~

* :ticket:`t2353: Update release notes for v0.8.5.1 <2353>`
* :ticket:`t2353: Bump version to v0.8.5.1 <2353>`
* :ticket:`t2437: Mention second release signing key in Release Process doc <2437>`
* :ticket:`t2353: Bump version in package.json to v0.8.5.1 <2353>`
* :ticket:`t2417: Use generic VM image filename in docs <2417>`
* :ticket:`t2416: Restore instructions for importing the Release Signing Key <2416>`
* :ticket:`t2415: update releases section of oms-docs landing page <2415>`
* :ticket:`t2285: Update TAB Tutorial <2285>`
* :ticket:`t2070: add release notes for OMS v0.7 and v0.8 series releases <2070>`
* :ticket:`t1366: add LICENSE, for source that is not explicit about it <1366>`


oms-kickstart
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* :ticket:`t2353: Bump version to v0.8.5.1 <2353>`
* :ticket:`t2343: correct/update license across all scripts <2343>`
* :ticket:`t2337: initial sphinx project for kickstart docs <2337>`
* :ticket:`t1366: add LICENSE, for source that is not explicit about it <1366>`
* :ticket:`t2330: remove config/pillar/master.yaml <2330>`


oms-salt-core
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* :ticket:`t2353: Bump version in classes/oms.yml to v0.8.5.1 <2353>`
* :ticket:`t1366: add LICENSE, for source that is not explicit about it <1366>`


oms-salt-tcf
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* :ticket:`t1366: add LICENSE, for source that is not explicit about it <1366>`


oms-admin
~~~~~~~~~

* :ticket:`t2353: Bump version to v0.8.5.1 <2353>`
* :ticket:`t1366: add LICENSE - for source that is not explicit about it <1366>`


oms-deploy
~~~~~~~~~~

* :ticket:`t2353: Bump version to v0.8.5.1 <2353>`
* :ticket:`t1366: add LICENSE, for source that is not explicit about it <1366>`


oms-core
~~~~~~~~

* :ticket:`t2449: Pin django-extensions to 1.2.5 in manifests <2449>`
* :ticket:`t2353: Bump version to v0.8.5.1 <2353>`
* :ticket:`t2347: functional update to VmImages.yaml manifest <2347>`
* :ticket:`t1274: add manifest for VM Image Request app <1274>`
* :ticket:`t1366: add LICENSE, for source that is not explicit about it <1366>`


oms-experimental
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* :ticket:`t2353: Bump version to v0.8.5.1 <2353>`
* :ticket:`t1366: add LICENSE, for source that is not explicit about it <1366>`


oms-ui
~~~~~~

* :ticket:`t1366: add LICENSE, for source that is not explicit about it <1366>`


oms-oidc
~~~~~~~~

* :ticket:`t2421: sync SQL scripts included in v0.8.5 > qa-develop (v0.8.5.1-rc) <2421>`
* :ticket:`t2340: correct licensing for oms-oidc <2340>`


python-oidc
~~~~~~~~~~~

* :ticket:`t2353: Bump version to v0.8.5.1 <2353>`
* :ticket:`t1366: add LICENSE, for source that is not explicit about it <1366>`


v0.8.5
------

Focal Points
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* refine everything, TCF, TN, TCC, TABs, Registry, OIDC, VRC, automation
* docs are even better
* CoreID, Personas, OIDC, FACT, Authorization proof-of-concept implemented


oms-docs
~~~~~~~~

* :ticket:`t1839: add CONTRIBUTING.md and reference ID3 wiki article <1839>`
* :ticket:`t1166: Add summary to each top-level section <1166>`
* :ticket:`t1166: slight improvement for the top-level index/overview <1166>`
* :ticket:`t1556: create a guide for contributing to documentation <1556>`
* :ticket:`t1855: document details of release process <1855>`
* :ticket:`t1816: revamp the OIDC Developer's Guide <1816>`
* :ticket:`t1819: Move TAB Tutorial from wiki to oms-docs <1819>`
* :ticket:`t1842: update code blocks for correctness and clarity <1842>`
* :ticket:`t1875: correct references to IDOIC with OIDC <1875>`
* :ticket:`t1819: Expand TAB Tutorial <1819>`
* :ticket:`t1903: oic_validation -> oidc_validation <1903>`
* :ticket:`t1878: TAB Tutorial updates <1878>`
* :ticket:`t1878: Add OIDC client creation section to TAB Tutorial <1878>`
* :ticket:`t2012: Add OIDC Tutorial <2012>`
* :ticket:`t2015: Lightly copyedit the TAB Dev Environment doc <2015>`
* :ticket:`t1792: sync qa-develop with updates from master/v0.8.4 <1792>`
* :ticket:`t1792: correct URLs for downloadable VM, still v0.8.3 <1792>`
* :ticket:`t2067: add a map to the OMS source code <2067>`
* :ticket:`t1908: add tutorial, build docker containers with oms-kickstart <1908>`
* :ticket:`t1557: add better documentation for deploy.conf in kickstart docs <1557>`
* :ticket:`t1918: add an API Endpoint Reference for OIDC <1918>`
* :ticket:`t2036: document importing and confirming OMS Release Signing Key <2036>`
* :ticket:`t2010: minor config fixup for v0.8.5 release <2010>`
* :ticket:`t2085: automate build/refresh on file change with grunt/node.js <2085>`
* :ticket:`t2085: document the new automated doc dev workflow <2085>`
* :ticket:`t1932: correct external link to CoreID Infra paper <1932>`
* :ticket:`t2199: Drop 'modules.' prefix when importing OMS modules <2199>`
* :ticket:`t2305: TAB Tutorial updates <2305>`
* :ticket:`t1945: add a guide detailing how to skin/theme OIDC <1945>`
* :ticket:`t1813: Remove links to Background Concepts and Terminology pages <1813>`
* :ticket:`t1821: refactor/overhaul vm image build docs with packer <1821>`
* :ticket:`t2318: Update Release Process document <2318>`
* :ticket:`t2010: Merge v0.8.5 to master <2010>`
* :ticket:`t2321: correct demo/dev VM import/setup details for v0.8.5 <2321>`


oms-kickstart
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* :ticket:`t1858: move YAML configs out of repo root <1858>`
* :ticket:`t1460: write arbitrary pillar from config.yaml to bootstrap.sls <1460>`
* :ticket:`t1896: use yaml.safe_dump() instead of yaml.dump() <1896>`
* :ticket:`t1460: create two new kickstart configs, pillar embedded <1460>`
* :ticket:`t1897: document how to provide config to kickstart as multiple files <1897>`
* :ticket:`t1460: document the new pillar config key <1460>`
* :ticket:`t1460: separate pillar.yaml config per revision <1460>`
* :ticket:`t1792: define base deploy_defaults keys for per-revision pillar <1792>`
* :ticket:`t1858: point kickstart config at oms-salt-core/legacy <1858>`
* :ticket:`t1858: include oms-vrc, oms-salt-core, oms-salt-hosting in OMS source code checkout <1858>`
* :ticket:`t1858: fixup vhost_base_url in deploy_defaults pillar <1858>`
* :ticket:`t1995: rename SSL key seeded into deploy.conf <1995>`
* :ticket:`t2014: add oms-inside to source code checkout <2014>`
* :ticket:`t2010: fixup embedded pillar to sync with reality <2010>`
* :ticket:`t1906: kickstart kickstart! <1906>`
* :ticket:`t1906: update README, how to kickstart-kickstart <1906>`
* :ticket:`t2030: shuffle around YAML configs <2030>`
* :ticket:`t2051: add more commentary to all YAML configs <2051>`
* :ticket:`t2068: move states for TCF - oms-salt-core >> oms-salt-tcf <2068>`
* :ticket:`t2010: fixup master/release kickstart config for v0.8.5 <2010>`
* :ticket:`t1858: define base system packages through pillar <1858>`
* :ticket:`t1908: add Dockerfiles and docs to kickstart docker containers <1908>`
* :ticket:`t1982: use embedded pillar to seed reclass' master_tops <1982>`


oms-salt-core
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* :ticket:`t1858: import salt states from oms-deploy <1858>`
* :ticket:`t1858: create /etc/oms.conf <1858>`
* :ticket:`t2032: add states for basic management of ufw <2032>`
* :ticket:`t1982: basic states to install and setup reclass <1982>`
* :ticket:`t2010: move base.sls >> packages.sls <2010>`
* :ticket:`t1802: add states and config for salt-minion service <1802>`
* :ticket:`t2010: bump copyleft year to 2014 <2010>`
* :ticket:`t2010: create a packages.yml for reclass <2010>`
* :ticket:`t2077: leverage reclass' ability to provide top list <2077>`
* :ticket:`t2080: move oms repos pillar from oms-kickstart to reclass <2080>`
* :ticket:`t2081: correct file mode set in root SSH keys <2081>`
* :ticket:`t1556: make it easier to hack on oms-docs <1556>`
* :ticket:`t1982: improve on the initial reclass formula <1982>`
* :ticket:`t2206: add formula for installing python, pip, and setuptools <2206>`
* :ticket:`t2225: add a formula that installs our mkswap script <2225>`
* :ticket:`t2223: define a state which ensures the OMS base is present <2223>`
* :ticket:`t2224: import states/cmd.py from saltstack <2224>`
* :ticket:`t2032: add ufw.allow_http and allow_https states <2032>`
* :ticket:`t2228: correct pkg handling/install in oms-admin formula <2228>`
* :ticket:`t2010: create oms-repos-v0_8_5 reclass <2010>`
* :ticket:`t2010: minor comment/update to oms.repos formula <2010>`
* :ticket:`t2226: include default oms pillar in reclass oms.yml <2226>`
* :ticket:`t2223: update oms.admin formula with oms.require_base include <2223>`
* :ticket:`t2010: Merge v0.8.5 to master <2010>`
* :ticket:`t2010: Update branch to master in classes/oms.yml <2010>`


oms-salt-tcf
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* :ticket:`t1858: import current salt states from oms-deploy <1858>`
* :ticket:`t1850: fixup oidc and nginx states <1850>`
* :ticket:`t1079: fixup dotfiles setup for root user <1079>`
* :ticket:`t1899: set JAVA_OPTS in /etc/default/tomcat7 through pillar <1899>`
* :ticket:`t2010: fixup legacy fullstack.sls <2010>`
* :ticket:`t2010: clean up .sls for v0.8.5 <2010>`
* :ticket:`t1908: basic states to install docker <1908>`
* :ticket:`t2073: move opensmtpd pillar keys from oms-kickstart to oms-salt-tcf/classes <2073>`
* :ticket:`t2074: move sls includes from fullstack sls to reclass <2074>`
* :ticket:`t2083: remove oms states provided by oms-salt-core <2083>`
* :ticket:`t2081: fixup user.root state - do not pass on bad file mode <2081>`
* :ticket:`t2127: bump version of opensmtpd to 5.4.2 <2127>`
* :ticket:`t2129: watch postgres service/pkg, refresh salt modules <2129>`
* :ticket:`t1488: give vim knowledge about salt format and syntax <1488>`
* :ticket:`t2087: update OIDC states to build/run with java 7 <2087>`
* :ticket:`t2147: refactor management of OIDC server's java config <2147>`
* :ticket:`t2147: define oidc pillar in oidc-server-config reclass <2147>`
* :ticket:`t2152: define default java_opts for OIDC in oidc-server-config reclass <2152>`
* :ticket:`t2147: refactor OIDC deploy formula + reclass definitions <2147>`
* :ticket:`t2170: manage tomcat's web.xml, ensure running in production mode <2170>`
* :ticket:`t2201: update nginx.conf in salt formula for DO <2201>`
* :ticket:`t2088: fixup license across all salt states <2088>`
* :ticket:`t2241: define /etc/hostname in hostname sls directly <2241>`
* :ticket:`t2242: fixup root's tmux config, use default modifier <2242>`
* :ticket:`t2268: update fullstack formula and reclass definition <2268>`
* :ticket:`t2010: add ufw.allow_http state to nginx.yml reclass <2010>`
* :ticket:`t2156: refactor opensmtpd formula, reclass and config <2156>`
* :ticket:`t2145: include reclass definition with OIDC WARs for v0.8.5 <2145>`
* :ticket:`t2090: add a reclass definition for OIDC as an OMS App <2090>`
* :ticket:`t2090: CoreID TCC, add states + reclass definitions <2090>`
* :ticket:`t2243: add a salt formula + reclass definition for PersonaUI <2243>`
* :ticket:`t2243: add Persona Management App to Small Community TCC <2243>`


oms-admin
~~~~~~~~~

* :ticket:`t1562: refactor oms-admin to use argh <1562>`
* :ticket:`t1562: minor fixup to last commit on argh <1562>`
* :ticket:`t2009: Use single quotes in triple-quoted docstrings <2009>`
* :ticket:`t2048: move existing commands to a sub-module in oms_admin <2048>`
* :ticket:`t2010: version bump to v0.8.5 <2010>`
* :ticket:`t2010: Merge v0.8.5 to master <2010>`


oms-deploy
~~~~~~~~~~

* :ticket:`t1573: more efficient install for modules, configs, scripts <1573>`
* :ticket:`t2038: Remove extra space character from license <2038>`
* :ticket:`t1935: Update copyright date in Python source files <1935>`
* :ticket:`t1792: sync qa-develop with master/v0.8.4-rc <1792>`
* :ticket:`t2010: bump version to v0.8.5 <2010>`
* :ticket:`t1613: ensure tests are run without user input too <1613>`
* :ticket:`t2093: update default django settings.py, log errors to file <2093>`
* :ticket:`t2143: suppress verbose output from pip <2143>`
* :ticket:`t2083: remove all salt formulas, states, modules, pillar <2083>`


oms-core
~~~~~~~~

* :ticket:`t1361: Create client_credentials module <1361>`
* :ticket:`t1361: Use client_credentials module in GPSDemo <1361>`
* :ticket:`t1839: add CONTRIBUTING.md and reference ID3 wiki article <1839>`
* :ticket:`t1465: Delete old chat app <1465>`
* :ticket:`t1004: mock flow of TW Perguntus deploy <1004>`
* :ticket:`t1004: fetch wizard config from selected manifest, and remove hardcoded values. <1004>`
* :ticket:`t1209: update manifests.json with the latest from the YAML files <1209>`
* :ticket:`t707:  Use template variables instead of hardcoded values in manifests <707>`
* :ticket:`t1903: Rename files (oic_validation -> oidc_validation) <1903>`
* :ticket:`t1903: oic_validation -> oidc_validation <1903>`
* :ticket:`t1924: Remove empty Python files <1924>`
* :ticket:`t1:    Add license to Python files <1>`
* :ticket:`t1975: Add workaround for Tastypie create_api_key ImportError <1975>`
* :ticket:`t1984: Update deprecated import (django.conf.urls.defaults -> django.conf.urls) <1984>`
* :ticket:`t1818: Add a simple CoreID Registry <1818>`
* :ticket:`t1953: add a utility to import any importable python object <1953>`
* :ticket:`t1927: add a manifest and module for Core ID Registration <1927>`
* :ticket:`t1951: map core IDs to personas in CoreID Registry <1951>`
* :ticket:`t1970: Create a FACT-enabled PersonaAuthorization class <1970>`
* :ticket:`t1940: Filter the CoreID Registry's Persona APIs through FACT <1940>`
* :ticket:`t2009: Use single quotes in triple-quoted docstrings <2009>`
* :ticket:`t2026: Use introspection endpoint for OIDC validation <2026>`
* :ticket:`t2027: Remove OpenIdConnectAuthorization.is_authorized() method <2027>`
* :ticket:`t2037: Add docs and tests to core ID- and persona-related modules <2037>`
* :ticket:`t2038: Remove extra space character from license <2038>`
* :ticket:`t2039: Rename cn_sandbox to funf_connector <2039>`
* :ticket:`t2040: Rename pds_sandbox to gps_demo_pds <2040>`
* :ticket:`t2041: Rename prox_sandbox to gps_demo_proximity <2041>`
* :ticket:`t2049: Namespace OIDC-related template variables in manifests <2049>`
* :ticket:`t1792: sync qa-develop with updates from master/v0.8.4 <1792>`
* :ticket:`t2060: Add perguntus_farming.json fixture <2060>`
* :ticket:`t1935: Update copyright date in Python source files <1935>`
* :ticket:`t2150: Change "trust wrapper" to "TAB" in oms-core <2150>`
* :ticket:`t2150: Change "trust wrapper" to "TAB" in oms-core (rename files) <2150>`
* :ticket:`t1979: Clean up manifests <1979>`
* :ticket:`t1965: Add module deps and update Tastypie in PrivateRegistry.yaml <1965>`
* :ticket:`t2185: Drop 'modules.' prefix when importing OMS modules <2185>`
* :ticket:`t2166: Improve error handling during OIDC token validation <2166>`
* :ticket:`t2144: ensure correct Persona/Core ID setup during Registration <2144>`
* :ticket:`t2144: update CoreID-Registration manifest for v0.8.5 <2144>`
* :ticket:`t2179: refactor CoreID Registration Complete page for usability <2179>`
* :ticket:`t2144: rename initial scope ven > persona-management <2144>`
* :ticket:`t1443: reorganize oms-core/static, move into appropriate places <1443>`
* :ticket:`t2198: correct template parameters in TFrameworks page <2198>`
* :ticket:`t2216: Turn on tests in CoreID-Registration.yaml <2216>`
* :ticket:`t2185: Drop 'modules.' prefix when importing OMS modules <2185>`
* :ticket:`t2165: add manifest for PersonasUI OMS (reference) App <2165>`
* :ticket:`t1211: Fix PortalRegistry.yaml manifest for v0.8.5 <1211>`
* :ticket:`t1961: Create OIDCFACTAuthorization class <1961>`
* :ticket:`t2248: Improve error handling during OIDC token validation <2248>`
* :ticket:`t1922: Update RtD environment and docs <1922>`
* :ticket:`t1987: Add CoreID Registry docs <1987>`
* :ticket:`t2179: update default registration complete page <>`


oms-experimental
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* :ticket:`t1361: Use client_credentials module in GPSDemo <1361>`
* :ticket:`t1839: add CONTRIBUTING.md and reference ID3 wiki article <1839>`
* :ticket:`t1465: Delete old chat app <1465>`
* :ticket:`t1903: oic_validation -> oidc_validation <1903>`
* :ticket:`t1924: Remove empty Python files <1924>`
* :ticket:`t2009: Use single quotes in triple-quoted docstrings <2009>`
* :ticket:`t1935: Update copyright date in Python source files <1935>`
* :ticket:`t2039: Rename cn_sandbox to funf_connector <2039>`
* :ticket:`t2040: Rename pds_sandbox to gps_demo_pds <2040>`
* :ticket:`t2041: Rename prox_sandbox to gps_demo_proximity <2041>`
* :ticket:`t1979: Clean up manifests <1979>`
* :ticket:`t2185: Drop 'modules.' prefix when importing OMS modules <2185>`
* :ticket:`t1961: Use OIDCFACTAuthorization class in GPS Demo and Perguntus <1961>`


oms-ui
~~~~~~

* :ticket:`t1160: create a generic management UI for OMS Personas <1160>`
* :ticket:`t1408: move to oms-core base_bootstrap3.html <1408>`
* :ticket:`t1408: move shared lib.less with common ID3 theme to oms-core. AUTHOR BC <1408>`
* :ticket:`t1839: add CONTRIBUTING.md and reference ID3 wiki article <1839>`
* :ticket:`t2165: adding OIDC back to persona ui <2165>`
* :ticket:`t2165: set Persona UI CoreID API URL through constance <2165>`
* :ticket:`t2165: move persona management urls into the module <2165>`
* :ticket:`t2165: merge Persona UI > v0.8.5 <2165>`
* :ticket:`t2144: Add hub_registration_theme module <2144>`
* :ticket:`t2179: remove complete page from hub_registration_theme <2179>`
* :ticket:`t2010: Merge v0.8.5 to master <2010>`


v0.8.4
------

Focal Points
~~~~~~~~~~~~

oms-docs
~~~~~~~~

* :ticket:`t1878: Add OIDC client creation section to TAB Tutorial <1878>`
* :ticket:`t903: update oic_validation -> oidc_validation <903>`
* :ticket:`t1166: Add summary to each top-level section <1166>`
* :ticket:`t1792: update docs for v0.8.4 release <1792>`
* :ticket:`t1764: Update GPS Demo Tutorial for v0.8.4 <1764>`


oms-kickstart
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* :ticket:`t1839: add CONTRIBUTING.md and reference ID3 wiki article <1839>`


oms-salt-core
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* :ticket:`t1858: import current salt states from oms-deploy <1858>`
* :ticket:`t1850: fixup oidc and nginx states <1850>`
* :ticket:`t1079: fixup dotfiles setup for root user <1079>`
* :ticket:`t1899: set JAVA_OPTS in /etc/default/tomcat7 through pillar <1899>`
* :ticket:`t2010: fixup legacy fullstack.sls <2010>`


oms-admin
~~~~~~~~~

* :ticket:`t1839: add CONTRIBUTING.md and reference ID3 wiki article <1839>`
* :ticket:`t1792: bump version to v0.8.4 <1792>`
* :ticket:`t1792: merge v0.8.4 to master <1792>`


oms-deploy
~~~~~~~~~~

* :ticket:`t1613: hardcode hosts list for fabric, and use fabric's execute() <1613>`
* :ticket:`t1792: sync qa-develop with master <1792>`
* :ticket:`t1792: bump version to 0.8.4 <1792>`
* :ticket:`t1792: correct default deploy config in oms pillar <1792>`
* :ticket:`t1898: ensure HTTP > HTTPS redirect is disabled <1898>`
* :ticket:`t1579: ensure nginx does not block OIDC's .well-known URL <1579>`
* :ticket:`t1899: disable mongodb service by default <1899>`
* :ticket:`t1995: correct SSL key in pillar seeds to deploy.conf <1995>`


oms-core
~~~~~~~~

* :ticket:`t1444: Update access token in GPSDemo.yaml <1444>`
* :ticket:`t702: add check_questions service to Perguntus manifest <702>`
* :ticket:`t1464: Remove unnecessary quotation marks in manifests <1464>`
* :ticket:`t1471: Unpin pytz version in manifests <1471>`
* :ticket:`t551: add oms-deploy as a dependency to Registry manifest <551>`
* :ticket:`l702: add CRON_EMAIL_DELAY constance to Perguntus <702>`
* :ticket:`t790: add module summary doc to all python modules in oms-core <790>`
* :ticket:`t1238: Remove PerguntusPlus.yaml manifest <1238>`
* :ticket:`t1476: ensure Registry's embedded services are disabled by default <1476>`
* :ticket:`t1494: add simpleStream embedded service to Private Registry manifest <1494>`
* :ticket:`t1302: add persona_config to PerguntusDemo manifest <1302>`
* :ticket:`t1302: extract persona wizard config from manifest <1302>`
* :ticket:`t991: refactor OIDC persona wizard with CoreID page <991>`
* :ticket:`t1404: add copy of bootstrap 3.0.0 <1404>`
* :ticket:`t1404: add copy of font-awesome 3.2.1. <1404>`
* :ticket:`t1404: add copy of HTML5 JS 3.7.0. <1404>`
* :ticket:`t1404: add copy of LessCSS 1.4.1. <1404>`
* :ticket:`t1408: move shared lib.less with common ID3 theme to oms-core. <1408>`
* :ticket:`t1408: add base for bootstrap 3 site <1408>`
* :ticket:`t1558: update manifests to leverage jinja template variables <1558>`
* :ticket:`t1618 - added OMSOIDC fallback mechanizem <1618 >`
* :ticket:`t1593: Replace access token with template variable in GPSDemo.yaml <1593>`
* :ticket:`t1593: Update Questions' send_time format in Perguntus fixtures <1593>`
* :ticket:`t1593: Fix endpoints in GPSDemoUI.yaml <1593>`
* :ticket:`t1593: Fix templating when setting funf_connector_base_url in GPSDemo.yaml <1593>`
* :ticket:`t1593: Rename GPSDemo's PDS to GPSDemoPDS <1593>`
* :ticket:`t1792: sync qa-develop with v0.8.3 from master <1792>`
* :ticket:`t1792: correct SSL parameter in Private Registry manifest <1792>`
* :ticket:`t1792: disable debugger by default, in Private Registry manifest <1792>`
* :ticket:`t1209: update manifests.json with the latest from the YAML files <1209>`
* :ticket:`t2049: Namespace OIDC-related template variables in manifests <2049>`


oms-experimental
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* :ticket:`t790: Add module summary doc to all Python modules <790>`
* :ticket:`t906: if questions email fails to send, let the user know <906>`
* :ticket:`t702: fixed backend related issues with cron <702>`
* :ticket:`t702 - update APP_OIDC_HOST to OIDC_BASE_URL on all files <702 >`
* :ticket:`t702: refactor Perguntus check_questions() <702>`
* :ticket:`t1609 - removed the link to kodkod vm and moved it into the project. <1609 >`
* :ticket:`t1610 - removed static token from gps javascripts. added OMSOIDC module to add token to requests <1610 >`
* :ticket:`t1609 - removed hardcoded hostname from gpsui <1609 >`
* :ticket:`t1593: Add missing import in prox_sandbox/admin.py <1593>`
* :ticket:`t1792: update qa-develop with v0.8.3 from master <1792>`


oms-ui
~~~~~~

* :ticket:`t790: add module summary doc to python modules <790>`


oms-oidc
~~~~~~~~

* 4674017 Created an entry for the EclipseLink persistence, which is currently unused, and also limited the amount of logging done to FINE. Now only SQLs are logged, which is considerably  bet
* 58f042e I have defined a custom logger to redirect EclipseLink's logging output to the application log, rather than the server's stdout. Now everything is neat and readable.
* 478ce51 I can define the DDL from Spring only when the tables are not defined already. I cannot run the initialization SQLs only when the database is freshly initialized, though. Not yet. An
* cc02908 I added the ability to change the active user with a command line. This triggered a massive cleanup of all database scripts. Also, my failed DDL-generation experiment gave me all the
* 732c408 Update EclipseLinkSessionLogger.java
* a8789b6 Added a SQL script to insert the BPP App client.
* 70d9b7f Documentation cleanup + added log4j appender to syslog.
* fa8797e t871: Replaced all references of IDOIC to OIDC as to preserve some sanity when more than one acronym means the same thing.
* e6b2f6e Codehale Metrics integration, with logging to JMX and Graphite. The Graphite part is untested right now.
* 7541990 t1839: add CONTRIBUTING.md and reference ID3 wiki article
* 3015533 Update content on the About, Home and Contact pages to point to the relevant ID3 resources rather than MITRE's ones.
* a47bb8a Changed a bit of wording and replaced the Redmine link with the Github issue tracker link for OIDC.
* 67e407d Updated reference to the new developer's guide, which replaced the setup guide Wiki and the setup guide on the docs site.


python-oidc
~~~~~~~~~~~

* :ticket:`t1839: add CONTRIBUTING.md and reference ID3 wiki article <1839>`


v0.8.3
------

Focal Points
~~~~~~~~~~~~

oms-docs
~~~~~~~~

* :ticket:`t1441: initial commit for new docs proposal <1441>`
* :ticket:`t968: detail first steps with deployment <968>`
* :ticket:`t1481: remove specific versions from requirements.txt <1481>`
* :ticket:`t1481: refactor README.md - detail how to contribute <1481>`
* :ticket:`t1480: refine styling and fix accordion in navbar <1480>`
* :ticket:`t1477: comment out snippet about VRC and other next steps for the future <1477>`
* :ticket:`t1477: improve details RE first steps of deployment <1477>`
* :ticket:`t1477: detail domain/SSL setup in first_steps.rst <1477>`
* :ticket:`t1480: change styles and colors <1480>`
* :ticket:`t1477: add sphinx.ext.todo module to conf.py <1477>`
* :ticket:`t1477: hide docs that are not yet ready or required <1477>`
* :ticket:`t1477: correct tmux commands <1477>`
* :ticket:`t1477: add Private TCC deployment docs <1477>`
* :ticket:`t1478: point to oms-kickstart config in master branch <1478>`
* :ticket:`t1477: add helpful notes about SSL in first_steps.rst <1477>`
* :ticket:`t1477: import Persona/CoreID resources from wiki <1477>`
* :ticket:`t1477: swap example_header include for tutorial_setup.inc <1477>`
* :ticket:`t1477: import GPS Demo Tutorial from MoinMoin <1477>`
* :ticket:`t1481: reference tables in rst, for doc contributors <1481>`
* :ticket:`t1477: import Perguntus Demo Tutorial from MoinMoin <1477>`
* :ticket:`t1509: Update GPS Demo docs <1509>`
* :ticket:`t1480: completely refactor theme & style <1480>`
* :ticket:`t1477: include manual db setup for OIDC deployment <1477>`
* :ticket:`t1477: disable 'Edit on Github' link for now <1477>`
* :ticket:`t1477: update examples & conventions in README.md <1477>`
* :ticket:`t1477: update index.rst to maintain 80 character width <1477>`
* :ticket:`t1477: update Perguntus docs <1477>`
* :ticket:`t1529: update OIDC deployment docs, remove manual steps <1529>`
* :ticket:`t1477: update a few details noted by Patrick <1477>`
* :ticket:`t1529: remove oidc doc cruft from last update <1529>`
* :ticket:`t1568: add ID3 MIT license to oms-docs <1568>`
* :ticket:`t1567: reactivate and update FAQ <1567>`
* :ticket:`t1477: update main page, sync with updates to MoinMoin <1477>`
* :ticket:`t1540: fix responsive styling issues with navbar <1540>`
* :ticket:`t1477: update to sync up with recent changes to wiki <1477>`
* :ticket:`t1569: reactivate and update contributing section <1569>`
* :ticket:`t1477: add an outline of sections in these docs <1477>`
* :ticket:`t1477: add the doc outline to contributing/documentation.rst <1477>`
* :ticket:`t1480: completely refactor theme & style <1480>`
* :ticket:`t1477: move initial_deploy to kickstart_oms <1477>`
* :ticket:`t1555: refactor TAB Developer VM setup guide <1555>`
* :ticket:`t1555: update URL to current VM image <1555>`
* :ticket:`t1479: add a section on OIDC <1479>`
* :ticket:`t1479: update OIDC section to wrap at 80 characters <1479>`
* :ticket:`t1816: replace OIDCs setup guide with a developers guide <1816>`
* :ticket:`t1813: fixup links on /introduction/concepts <1813>`
* :ticket:`t1590: refactor the navbar - make is usable <1590>`
* :ticket:`t1821: add virtualbox install guide/reference <1821>`
* :ticket:`t1821: new guide on using packer.io to build vm image <1821>`
* :ticket:`t1821: update the new guide on building VM images with packer <1821>`
* :ticket:`t1555: update the TAB Dev VM Setup Guide <1555>`
* :ticket:`t1829: update wiki link to details for contributors <1829>`
* :ticket:`t1839: add CONTRIBUTING.md and reference ID3 wiki article <1839>`
* :ticket:`t1166: slight improvement for the top-level index/overview <1166>`
* :ticket:`t1556: create a guide for contributing to documentation <1556>`
* :ticket:`t1855: document details of release process <1855>`
* :ticket:`t1816: revamp the OIDC Developer's Guide <1816>`
* :ticket:`t1819: Move TAB Tutorial from wiki to oms-docs <1819>`
* :ticket:`t1568: add ID3 MIT license to oms-docs <1568>`
* :ticket:`t1878: TAB Tutorial updates <1878>`


oms-kickstart
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* :ticket:`t1476: run state.highstate one last time for the user <1476>`
* :ticket:`t1792: set oms-deploy revision to master <1792>`


oms-admin
~~~~~~~~~

* :ticket:`t1315: add unicode encoding declaration <1315>`
* :ticket:`t1504: basic functions for processing the manifest as a template <1504>`
* :ticket:`t1504: process the manifest as a jinja template <1504>`
* :ticket:`t1504: fix bugs related to the last commit <1504>`
* :ticket:`t1792: bump version to v0.8.3 <1792>`
* :ticket:`t1792: merge v0.8.3 to master <1792>`


oms-deploy
~~~~~~~~~~

* :ticket:`t1419: Update logstash to 1.2.1 <1419>`
* :ticket:`t1290: minor correction in logstash state <1290>`
* :ticket:`t1445: update salt states to do what bootstrap did <1445>`
* :ticket:`t1458: remove shell scripts from oms-deploy <1458>`
* :ticket:`t308: refactor manifest documentation <308>`
* :ticket:`t1476: fix PPA/GPG details in mongo state <1476>`
* :ticket:`t1487: move root-specific details from oms state >> root.sls <1487>`
* :ticket:`t1487: import OIDC states and dependencies from salt-(non)-common <1487>`
* :ticket:`t1487: include an nginx location block for OIDC <1487>`
* :ticket:`t1478: checkout master branch on each repo, by default <1478>`
* :ticket:`t1536: update default nginx vhost config for our sanity <1536>`
* :ticket:`t1487: tweak OIDC pillar keys <1487>`
* :ticket:`t1553: a simple hostname state for ubuntu <1553>`
* :ticket:`t1553: include hostname state in fullstack.sls <1553>`
* :ticket:`t1553: add a deployment config for oms-admin <1553>`
* :ticket:`t1529: oidc state refactor <1529>`
* :ticket:`t1529: update how we initialize the OIDC db <1529>`
* :ticket:`t1556: checkout oms-docs repo with OMS source code <1556>`
* :ticket:`t1556: ensure states create OMS python and bin directories <1556>`
* :ticket:`t1556: make it easier to hack on oms-docs <1556>`
* :ticket:`t1529: let salt set default oidc db username and password <1529>`
* :ticket:`t1572: base state ensures tmux and vim are installed <1572>`
* :ticket:`t1504: fix bug RE use of check_results() in oms_deploy.api <1504>`
* :ticket:`t1792: bump version to v0.8.3 <1792>`


oms-core
~~~~~~~~

* :ticket:`t1476: ensure Registry's embedded services are disabled by default <1476>`
* :ticket:`t551:  add oms-deploy as a dependency to Registry manifest <551>`
* :ticket:`t1593: Fix endpoints in GPSDemoUI.yaml <1593>`
* :ticket:`t1593: Update access token in GPSDemo.yaml <1593>`
* :ticket:`t1593: Rename GPSDemo's PDS to GPSDemoPDS <1593>`
* :ticket:`t1792: merge v0.8.3 to master <1792>`


oms-experimental
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* :ticket:`t907: add docstrings to perguntus ui and backend <907>`
* :ticket:`t1593: Add missing import in prox_sandbox/admin.py <1593>`
* :ticket:`t1593: Add missing import in prox_sandbox/admin.py <1593>`
* :ticket:`t1610 - removed static token from gps javascripts. added OMSOIDC module to add token to requests <1610 >`
* :ticket:`t1610 - removed static token from gps javascripts. added OMSOIDC module to add token to requests <1610 >`
* :ticket:`t1792: Merge v0.8.3 into master <1792>`


oms-oidc
~~~~~~~~

* 742a482 maintaining the reset-db script for the approved site feature for personas


python-oidc
~~~~~~~~~~~

* :ticket:`t1367: set license, author & maintainer <1367>`


v0.8.2
------

Focal Points
~~~~~~~~~~~~

oms-kickstart
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* :ticket:`t820: add standard .gitignore <820>`
* :ticket:`t820: include initial kickstart shell script <820>`
* :ticket:`t820: add initial kickstart-oms.py <820>`
* :ticket:`t820: include an example YAML kickstart config <820>`
* :ticket:`t820: refactor README based on kickstart-oms.py <820>`
* :ticket:`t1446: add ability to run arbitrary salt modules <1446>`
* :ticket:`t1446: update example.yaml to include post_kick <1446>`
* :ticket:`t1461: additional docs on both basic and advanced use <1461>`
* :ticket:`t1477: ensure README makes note to use tmux <1477>`
* :ticket:`t1478: add YAML configs for release and latest dev <1478>`
* :ticket:`t1463: install a specific version of salt-minion <1463>`


oms-deploy
~~~~~~~~~~

* :ticket:`t1156: include ALLOWED_HOSTS in settings.py.tpl <1156>`
* :ticket:`tt779: embedded TAB services can pass extra parameters to uwsgi <t779>`
* :ticket:`tt779: improve docs/comments for services section of the manifest <t779>`
* :ticket:`t1194: ensure we validate the app manifest against its config spec <1194>`
* :ticket:`t1195: ensure run_tests is properly handled/evaluated as a boolean <1195>`
* :ticket:`t1197: try to read manifest as .yaml before .ini <1197>`
* :ticket:`t1197: add PyYAML dependency to setup.py <1197>`
* :ticket:`t1145: convert /var/www/python >> /var/oms/python <1145>`
* :ticket:`t808: Replace print with Python logging <808>`
* :ticket:`t847: correct port parameter in manifest app configspec <847>`
* :ticket:`t961: ensure oms-deploy does not step on the SSH public key <961>`
* :ticket:`t285: OIDC state in salt-non-common repo has the repo taken care of <285>`
* :ticket:`t1146: convert /var/www/python/modules/ >> /var/oms/src/ <1146>`
* :ticket:`t1292: remove incorrect bootstrap complete message <1292>`
* :ticket:`t875: manage OMS repos in salt <875>`
* :ticket:`t1201: correct postgres state <1201>`
* :ticket:`t1359: update list of OMS repos - include those in active development <1359>`
* :ticket:`t1315: declare utf-8 encoding in python sources files <1315>`
* :ticket:`t702: embedded services can now use uwsgi cron scheduler <702>`
* :ticket:`t702: fix enabling embedded services <702>`
* :ticket:`t1364: properly execute commands in the virtualenv context - for embedded services <1364>`
* :ticket:`1415: bump version to v0.8.2 <415>`


oms-core
~~~~~~~~

* :ticket:`t725: get portal to deploy private registry on another host - edit this msg <725>`
* :ticket:`t565: Break up registry into portal_registry and private_registry moduels (first pass) <565>`
* :ticket:`t565: Update private_registry.ini to use private_registry module <565>`
* :ticket:`t565: Move registry fixtures into appropriate modules <565>`
* :ticket:`t842: Delete ID3Registry.ini; copy in portal.ini from oms-deploy as PortalRegistry.ini <842>`
* :ticket:`t845: Create PersonaLink in portal registry during registration <845>`
* :ticket:`t850: Rename urls_portal.py and urls_private.py to urls.py <850>`
* :ticket:`t817: initial persona models/api resources <817>`
* :ticket:`merge initial persona APIs >> refactored registry modules <erge >`
* :ticket:`t795: integrate persona implementation >> registry <795>`
* :ticket:`t565: move user registration backend >> portal_registry <565>`
* :ticket:`t814: Add ENABLE_PORTAL_REGISTRATION to django-constance <814>`
* :ticket:`t852: clean up cruft from persona refactor <852>`
* :ticket:`t853: remove old registry doc in prep for updates <853>`
* :ticket:`t795: correct use of API Resources in private_registry.api <795>`
* :ticket:`t682: add initial CoreIDs API Resource <682>`
* :ticket:`t814: merge portal registration config switch >> personas QA <814>`
* :ticket:`t565: move registration templates >> portal_registry module <565>`
* :ticket:`t814: template for New User Registration closed <814>`
* :ticket:`t852: correct references to Personas in VRC <852>`
* :ticket:`t842: simplify use of portal_registry config tpl <842>`
* :ticket:`t842: update manifests for Portal/Private Registry <842>`
* :ticket:`t845: correct reference to PersonaLink model in personas API <845>`
* :ticket:`t852: do not create old Persona during user registration <852>`
* :ticket:`t842: add urls param to Portal Registry manifest <842>`
* :ticket:`t861: set Registry tastypie datetime format to rfc-2822 <861>`
* :ticket:`t1: add license to personas module <1>`
* :ticket:`t795: merge updates from v0.7.1-rc >> personas feature branch <795>`
* :ticket:`t945: correct imports in Registry URLs - merge and update from qa-develop <945>`
* :ticket:`t874: Add Perguntus fixture from uidemo.idhypercubed.org <874>`
* :ticket:`t859: add json fixture with an example oic-compatible persona <859>`
* :ticket:`t859: add oic-compatible Principal Persona <859>`
* :ticket:`t962: create navigation content block in base template <962>`
* :ticket:`t962: update common registry template to use navigation blocko <962>`
* :ticket:`t982: merge personas feature branch >> qa-develop <982>`
* :ticket:`t708: update django-tastypie to v0.9.16 in Portal/Private Registry manifests <708>`
* :ticket:`t951: when we create a User, create an API Key too <951>`
* :ticket:`t682: correct idc_admin field on CoreIDs API <682>`
* :ticket:`t951: add api_key field to CoreIDs API <951>`
* :ticket:`t682: correct missing label in personas.admin <682>`
* :ticket:`t900: custom authentication class for CoreIDs API <900>`
* :ticket:`t900: enable DjangoPasswordAuthentication() on CoreID API <900>`
* :ticket:`t990: upgrade Registry to django 1.5.1 <990>`
* :ticket:`t885: Add arbiter module <885>`
* :ticket:`t885: Add license to new API Transformer files <885>`
* :ticket:`t886: Add fixture for Perguntus <886>`
* :ticket:`t885 - set manifest urls.py to include share.html and not sharing.html template <885 >`
* :ticket:`t886: Add Perguntus state fixture <886>`
* :ticket:`t1001: OMSOIDC.js expects the app to specify OIDC client/scope/host for token authorization <1001>`
* :ticket:`t1002: include scope/client/host in Perguntus UI manifest <1002>`
* :ticket:`t942: update Perguntus Backend manifest for the API Transformer <942>`
* :ticket:`t942: add perguntus_state fixture to manifest (Perguntus Backend) <942>`
* :ticket:`t985: initial view, form & template to create a CoreID <985>`
* :ticket:`t985: add CoreID create view to Private Registry <985>`
* :ticket:`t962: tweak css in registry-base.html <962>`
* :ticket:`t990: correct tastypie version in Registry manifests, .16 is git dev (next release) <990>`
* :ticket:`t985: add Dashboard redirect view <985>`
* :ticket:`t995: Add initial django oidc_token module <995>`
* :ticket:`t995: Add push_token/ URL to Private Registry <995>`
* :ticket:`t1003: POST token to backend once received from OIDC <1003>`
* :ticket:`t565: duplicate fixtures for Private Registry <565>`
* :ticket:`t991: Persona Wizard on coreID page - without backbone. <991>`
* :ticket:`t1001: use OIDC_HOST constance config key, update manifests and js <1001>`
* :ticket:`t991: wizard now create personas on coreid flow <991>`
* :ticket:`t971: update scopes for Private Registry tokens <971>`
* :ticket:`t991: disable Persona API hiding oic_compatible flag <991>`
* :ticket:`t971: disable OpenIdConnectAuthorization() on VRC APIs (for demo) <971>`
* :ticket:`t989: Portal Registry user registration refactor <989>`
* :ticket:`t994: Create NoOp TCC deployment task <994>`
* :ticket:`t990: add ALLOWED_HOSTS setting to Portal manifest <990>`
* :ticket:`t1012: add demo-specific TCC deploy task <1012>`
* :ticket:`t994: fix use of app_urls in Portal's welcome UI <994>`
* :ticket:`t1004: intial integration of dynamic persona creation wizard into TAB deploy flow <1004>`
* :ticket:`t967: ensure hosts fixture loaded into Private Registry <967>`
* :ticket:`t1003: hide failed POST token alert message on Core IDs page <1003>`
* :ticket:`Revert "t1012: add demo-specific TCC deploy task" <evert >`
* :ticket:`t779: update workerd service config in the Portal/Private Registry <779>`
* :ticket:`t1015: Create new token for GPSDemo app <1015>`
* :ticket:`t1179: Add missing Tastypie dep (mimeparse) to manifests' pip_requirements <1179>`
* :ticket:`t1175: Pin pytz version for pip 1.4 <1175>`
* :ticket:`t1194: remove extra parameters covered by defaults (in manifests) <1194>`
* :ticket:`t1203: Create module with PDS base functionality <1203>`
* :ticket:`t1210: remove unused URLs from portal_registry.urls <1210>`
* :ticket:`t959: remove login link from Registry UI nav bar <959>`
* :ticket:`t1224: Fix ALLOWED_HOSTS values in manifests <1224>`
* :ticket:`t1205: Use pds_base with GPSDemo <1205>`
* :ticket:`t1198: Update manifests to pin Django at 1.5.3 <1198>`
* :ticket:`t1198: Update manifests to pin Django at 1.5.4 <1198>`
* :ticket:`t1204: Add logging to pds_base <1204>`
* :ticket:`t1243: Add pds_base support to PerguntusDemo.ini manifest <1243>`
* :ticket:`t1203: Make pds_base.models.PdsModel abstract <1203>`
* :ticket:`t1251: Update Perguntus fixtures with new pds_base fields <1251>`
* :ticket:`t1259: Remove virtualenv_root and module_root settings from Perguntus manifests <1259>`
* :ticket:`t1257: Remove resource app from GPSDemo.ini manifest <1257>`
* :ticket:`t1261: Remove unused settings vars in GPSDemo.ini manifest <1261>`
* :ticket:`t1264: Update GPSDemo fixture with new pds_base fields <1264>`
* :ticket:`t1242: Use haversine formula for calculating distance in prox_sandbox module <1242>`
* :ticket:`t937: Rename API Transformer to FACT <937>`
* :ticket:`t1197: convert INI-formatted manifests to YAML <1197>`
* :ticket:`t1301: Update access token in GPSDemo.yaml manifest <1301>`
* :ticket:`t1315: declare unicode encoding in all python source <1315>`
* :ticket:`t1258: Update Perguntus to use new PDS app <1258>`
* :ticket:`t1172: include predefined questions in Perguntus manifest <1172>`
* :ticket:`t1364: simplify commands in embedded services, for each Registry <1364>`
* :ticket:`t1235: Add manifest and fixture for PerguntusPlus <1235>`
* :ticket:`t1235: Fix PerguntusPlus email recipient <1235>`
* :ticket:`t1372: Update GPSDemo token <1372>`
* :ticket:`t1265: Add NOOP FACT to GPSDemo <1265>`
* :ticket:`t1346: remove client/scope/token defaults hardcoded into OMSOIDC.js <1346>`
* :ticket:`t1346: refactor oidc_host as oidc_base_url in OMSOIDC.js <1346>`
* :ticket:`t1346: OMSOIDC.js should require scope/client/url <1346>`


oms-experimental
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* :ticket:`t870: add license to perguntus_backend.send_question <870>`
* :ticket:`t938: Change "trust wrapper" to "TAB" in oms-experimental <938>`
* :ticket:`t932: Limit code to 80 columns in GPSDemo sandboxes <932>`
* :ticket:`t931: Sort ClientLocationResource in model, not in resource <931>`
* :ticket:`t885: Add API Transformer feature <885>`
* :ticket:`t885: Add Authorization class to PerguntusStateResource <885>`
* :ticket:`t885: Add license to new API Transformer files <885>`
* :ticket:`t885: Rename "filter" to "transform" <885>`
* :ticket:`t886: Create simple UI to manipulate Perguntus state object <886>`
* :ticket:`t885: Use haversine formula to measure distance <885>`
* :ticket:`t942 - fixed JS error when no data <942 >`
* :ticket:`t942 - fixed loading leaflet JS module locally (fix HTTPS issues) <942 >`
* :ticket:`t942 - fixed question saved as 'text' and not 'open'. added notification of messages in days logs. showing yes/no questions on map <942 >`
* :ticket:`t942 - added notification of total messages for month <942 >`
* :ticket:`t942 - removed sharing page <942 >`
* :ticket:`t942 - removed phone from settings page <942 >`
* :ticket:`t942 - fix delete capability. now delete question. added confirmation for delete <942 >`
* :ticket:`Merge branch 't885' into t942 <erge >`
* :ticket:`t942 - restore sharing page. set it to marucry page. <942 >`
* :ticket:`t942 - fixed sharing menu hidden in menu page <942 >`
* :ticket:`t942 - edit question progress. sharing page enhancements. <942 >`
* :ticket:`t942 - editing functionally done. <942 >`
* :ticket:`t942 - removed auth from answering questions <942 >`
* :ticket:`t942 - removed auth from answering questions <942 >`
* :ticket:`t942 - removed auth from answering questions <942 >`
* :ticket:`t942 - Yes/No questions get counted into the log and show up too <942 >`
* :ticket:`t942 - Make sure graph is scaled 0-10 <942 >`
* :ticket:`t942 - added a nice time chooser to add a question form <942 >`
* :ticket:`t886: Always allow object creation in DSAuthorization class <886>`
* :ticket:`t886: Move list_to_boolean decorator to perguntus_backend/decorators.py <886>`
* :ticket:`Merge updates to Perguntus Backend >> t942 <erge >`
* :ticket:`t1002: add OMS OIDC UI module to PerguntusUI <1002>`
* :ticket:`t1002: add OMS OIDC UI module to PerguntusUI <1002>`
* :ticket:`t971: fix various issues in Perguntus, prior to demo <971>`
* :ticket:`t1205: Use pds_base with GPSDemo <1205>`
* :ticket:`t877: if Perguntus questions API fails, make it clear <877>`
* :ticket:`t1243: Add pds_base support to perguntus_backend module <1243>`
* :ticket:`t1257: Remove Resource Server stub from GPSDemo <1257>`
* :ticket:`t1261: Remove old unit tests from pds_sandbox and prox_sandbox modules <1261>`
* :ticket:`t1242: Use haversine formula for calculating distance in prox_sandbox module <1242>`
* :ticket:`t937: Rename API Transformer to FACT <937>`
* :ticket:`t1258: perguntus_backend cleanup (whitespace and imports) <1258>`
* :ticket:`t1258: Remove unused file perguntus_backend/tests.py <1258>`
* :ticket:`t1258: Add license to files in perguntus_backend where it is missing <1258>`
* :ticket:`t1258: Create perguntus_pds module <1258>`
* :ticket:`t1258: Update Perguntus code to use new PDS app <1258>`
* :ticket:`t1315: Declare utf-8 encoding in Python sources files <1315>`
* :ticket:`t1172: quick start questions UI updates for perguntus <1172>`
* :ticket:`t906: if questions email fails to send, let the user know <906>`
* :ticket:`t1235: Add django-admin command to check proximity and send an email <1235>`
* :ticket:`t1265: Add NOOP FACT to GPSDemo <1265>`
* :ticket:`t1: Add license to two empty Python files <1>`


oms-ui
~~~~~~

* c74b43a t827 - personas management ui basic functionality
* 6df41b8 PersonasManagmentUI facelift
* 7f364ae add ManifestSelection to Persona to initiate Wizard
* e6281a0 updated file names
* 4d28be5 added template files
* 5fa88a3 added JS files (removed because of rename)
* 40cfd90 added padding for support of header
* 08cc2f6 remove unused python source from personas_management_ui
* 54e238c t1: adding missing license to personas_management_ui


oms-oidc
~~~~~~~~

* 87b1b83 Migrate to version 1.0.9 of MITRE's OIC code.
* 984c8ed Implemented handling for scenarios where there is no user authenticated, but there is client. This is important as some of the new flows being integrate will make a heavy use of that
* 458eb56 Added a lot of testing for the non-user-approved and client credential scenarios. If these ever break again, I will know right away.
* acc7b56 Added tests for refresh tokens and introspect tests for refresh and ID tokens.
* d5e8b25 Reintegrated the User Registry component as per Justin's feedback. A simple properly-written Authentication Provider does the same amount of work as all the code I deleted.
* 904d3fe Implemented Persona support for MITRE's own Introspect endpoint, and added tests for it. Also, fixed a bug managing the Jetty servers by some integration tests. And finally stopped t
* 38087ff Added some Javadoc and annotations to the parts I have added to the customized Persona-Aware Token Introspection endpoint.
* 8ab74a5 Forgot one.
* 2829ce5 Added a managed client entity + repository for use by the client credentials flow.
* 26929e4 Added an extra check if the cascading to ClientDetails works.
* bdc5fb2 Implemented a token enhancer to add the governing user personas to the client when the client credentials flow is used, properly adjusting the scopes on the client. A client credenti
* 3151a4c A little cleanup for consistency in getting ready to wire the ManagedClient concept into the dynamic registration.
* aacb7b2 Cleanup of imports.
* f1ea197 Dynamic Client Registration functionality now implemented, but yet to be tested. Fixed a bug with superclient API causing it to report on scopes requested for token, not those grante
* a659f6d A lot of little cleanup all over the place. Tested the new feature manually as much as I could, I have yet to write the automated tests. Updated the IDOIC-DEMO project for up-to-date
* c8ddb8c Added some testing for the dynamic client registration. Not nearly enough, but it is end-to-end: More to come.
* f568ae9 Added additional unit tests for client registration, allowed server to configure itself from a property file, created tests for initialization from property file
* 346ba6d Fixed a benign error with the HSQL database used for unit and integration testing. In-memory databases don't like being redefined.
* ae313c5 Fixed one of the dynamic registration tests and added an additional one to test a user granting additional personas interactively.
* 0e93dcb one more time
* 7c4c625 Forgot to restore the @Ignore on WaitAndDoNothingIntegrationTest. This is my test for debugging integration tests, I don't want it holding the build.
* d94f156 Added logic to restrict admin access to a token approved by an administrator, except when the superclient scope is there and approved.
* d05b65f Added a new profile for TWO.
* 118a6b9 Update Setup Guide.rst
* 4bfc434 Persona Approval feature development complete on the persona approval side.
* 219b1b1 cleaned up an eye-sore.
* 4971169 configuration to make the initial implementation of the Persona User Approval on the Persona approval page. It appears to work.
* 00a33a1 Added batch configuration needed to clean up the persona approval site table periodically.
* 810c36f missing a zero
* a9e2ce7 Merge remote-tracking branch 'origin/t763-persona-solution' into t763-persona-solution
* a119af6 Fixed a typo in property file and the Spring configuration it drives (t1403)
* a5fec12 Moved integration testing Jetty server to port 18080 from 8080, and the authorization code Jetty server from port 8081 to 18081. (t1433)
* 6a75abf removed the whitelisted_site_id from the id3_persona_approved_site table. It makes not sense to whitelist user personas on a client, personas are a user concept and there is no way t
* 94857c4 Added a PersonaApprovedSite API, similar to the ApprovedSite one. Also, formatted personas to display with their relevant sections only by adding a custom view for them. Finally, cha
* c6cc4f7 Added a big unit test testing the entire persona approval decision flow + the entire persona approval API.
* 56df02f Forgot to validate the personas into the remembered decision.
* f0f8815 Started writing a test for the persona solution usecase (unfinished) and found and fixed a bug with the persona solution: a gap. The initial registration token is being removed if th
* 0b847ea Finished writing the persona usecase integration test. Found a fixed a bug in my token helpers for the integration tests. Extracted one of embedded integration VOs out of the test as
* a3fb860 Implemented the Persona-Approved Sites UI as a separate feature.
* 1cc3f92 Fixed database script to define database tables for cross-table relationships.


python-oidc
~~~~~~~~~~~

* 705ac4b license
* ca60bc7 add PyCharm project files to gitignore
* de94c7d add virtualenv to gitignore
* a5ab9fc start working on the Client class
* 2f1a64b add some more default fields from the API docs
* d4a2631 CRUD endpoints
* a1421da instead of using a dict as attributes, create object from dict, and dump it to one
* f2bea51 method to get the reqests method based on the endpoint
* 4603bee create
* 284022c read
* 186e0f2 update
* 71a53e7 delete
* 1ad746e save creates or updates
* 48ad18b get is a synonym for read
* ae1f01a utility functions for updating scopes
* 0929544 get all clients list from server
* 6b990f1 base class for API objects
* 3d6a479 Token API class
* b219c3a parent Api object, takes care of providing identifying user for requests
* 739f846 better name for baseclass
* ecb8718 t806: Hook up to server (logrus); miscellaneous cleanup; add unit tests
* d55a8d4 t806: Pass in host instead of hardcoding
* a255feb DRY: use _API_ROOT directly in _get_endpoint
* 9d7263d move host part of the URL to the Api class
* 65c7a66 add default scopes and personas to api
* 103257f we need the _api member in classmethods as well, so saving it in __init__ is no good
* 8869343 style: use the _api class member instead of the closure variable
* aeba3ed bugfix
* e8e88f2 DRY: refactor out the Authorization header
* 417559b offline_access is giving trouble
* e2168e5 fix the Token.read method
* e42993a keep CRUD methods public
* e49f11b add a Token.save method just to be coherent with the Client API
* 7cbb2fb convert Token.accessTokenExpiresAt to datetime object
* 1d52fb9 Merge pull request t2 from Lacrymology/IDCubed/pr1
* 2c7b73a utility method to wrap HTTPErrors with MitreIdExceptions
* 5e3b4fe don't lose the original exceptions when raising a MitreIdException
* 5e90046 make sure the created client is deleted even if a test fails
* c497cde until tokens stop expiring, I cannot be sure I'll know the default token's properties
* a142603 new token
* 623d3b9 Token.read() doesn't have default values anymore
* 3070036 Merge pull request t1 from Lacrymology/master


