:title: OMS v0.8 Release Notes
:description: Release notes for the OMS v0.8 series
:keywords: release notes, contributing, oms, v0.8,


.. _v0.8-release_notes:

OMS v0.8 Series Release Notes
==============================

Here are some release notes associated with the v0.8.x series of OMS.


v0.8.6.5
--------


karma-jasmine-ajax
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* t2635 - Updated LICENSE copyrights.
* t2635 - Adding code and updated package.json
* Initial commit. Moving code from other repository.
* Initial commit


oms-admin
~~~~~~~~~

* t3051: version bump for v0.8.6.5


oms-chat
~~~~~~~~

* made the participant list add and expire participants that are actively in the chatroom, participating. A participant is expired within 10 seconds of not coming back to pic
* Implemented listing and updating of the chatroom participants.
* commented out our fake chat participants.
* fixed the need to create a new OMSChat-Manager manifest for every virtual machine we create.
* integrated Lena's UI. It is now working at the same level of functionality as the white-screen chat app.
* Implemented OMSChat-Client authentication/authorizing its user in order to access OMSChat-Client profiles.
* simply gathered all the log4j configs in one place. Makes things neater.
* cleaned up log4j logging so that now every WAR file logs into a separate log file IN ADDITION to the application-level logging of Tomcat. also found a file I forgot to chec
* Created the Group APIs as discussed: one API to get the personas for all participants, a second one to get up-to-date persona and everything needed to contact the remote pa
* finally put a bug to sleep causing portal updates to not always "stick". As it turned out I was failing to update the record expiration date in certain cases causing update
* Persona Manager now works with OMSChat!
* Changed the persona manager SQL to generate UUIDs on the fly.
* Got rid of the property files with personas and redid them as a database script load. Everything is now served from database.
* Fixed multiple problems with persona manager and also added profile prefixes to the omschat_config file handling.
* Persona Manager development complete.
* added some docs as per Patric's instructions.
* forgot to check in a few files.
* Implemented everything up to the attribute API. Attribute API is a work in progress.
* some little fixes all over the place. I forgot to add the persona endpoint path for the persona manager to several places.
* Cleaned up persona manager and policy manager URLs.
* Externalized configuration for environment values from OMSChat applications
* forgot to fix manifest for the user identities.
* Reintegrated OMSChat and OIDC so that the demo runs correctly end to end through the modified OIDC.
* Tried to modify the Persona Manager interface for the changes to OIDC.
* A bugfix handling enumerations as REST API submission parameters. Created a dev mock for the RIDS interface.
* Integrated the new rule for LOA with Policy Manager.
* fixed up the katoidc profile, and also added code changes needed for Provision not to display links to provision applications it has no manifests for.
* Forgot to add user identities to the built-in users.
* Bugfixes.
* I just refactored the provision app so that it would provision the OMSChat apps from a manifest. Not tested. Yet.
* Got rid of all links back to the TCC on persona level (they should be coming from the user identity registration) and also got rid of the identity manager link from identit
* Replaced the userCertificateHash, userCertificate and userCertificateExpiresAt with the vague concept of user identity string. At some point that will be populated with the
* Got rid of the e-mail manager, which we aren't using anymore. Implemented a protected resource registration with Portal. Implemented a manifest generation class (for conven
* Created an entire DAO layer in the Provision app for the Portal integration module.
* Finished writing the Portal Manager. Nothing has been tested yet.
* Added feature to distinguish between an unauthorized updated. Added the feature to handle attempt to register an existing object as an update.
* Fixed a bug causing querying personas not to return the owning user hash. Also created a foreign key constraint between a registered persona and the identity of its user so
* drafted the API for a Portal integration module. Implemented a registration step.
* fully tested the portal app, fixed all the little bugs. Next stop is Provision.
* development of portal completed. Need to test it now.
* this is the DAO layer of the new Portal, all figured out and implemented.
* created the shell of a portal project.
* increased REST communication timeout from 10 seconds to 30 to address issues with the Racksapce VMs constantly timing out when first talking to pieces (said pieces are "laz
* forgot a file.
* Implemented full policy manager integration for OIDC.
* A little cleanup of how a RESTException renders into a page with meaningful error message.
* Changed the Policy Manager over to operate on Objects and integrated GSON configuration to serialize and deserialize the resulting map of objects correctly in a nice and si
* forgot to fix the managed-policy scope on the omschat-client
* forgot to rename the managed-policy scope here.
* Integrated the OAuth2-based mechanism to authenticate users with the Persona Manager, so that OIDC can talk to it with a single-use OAuth2 token, which it internally issues
* I have changed the OMSChat application around to use Hanging Gets instead of polling, which makes for a lot more responsive app. I also seriously cleaned up all error handl
* Persona Manager now has the ability to validate a CoreID so that OIDC can run against it in Production Mode.
* eliminated a relative path from the Provision POM, making the build a lot less fragile.
* Changed how the home.jsp is populated with the defaults based on the build profile. Now I have a much finer-grained control.
* The token for remote isn't supposed to have the OMSChat-Admin persona. Both the client and manager talk to their LOCAL Policy Managers only, and they already have the clien
* Had OMSChat-Manager validate the user persona with the Private TCC based on a policy returned by the Policy Manager (every 5 minutes currently).
* Added OMSChatManager capability to dynamically register itself with the private TCC as well. Yet to get it to do something useful with it.
* Token Revalidation Policy changes. Now every application can get a policy to revalidate its tokens. The tokens are stored in an in-memory cache, which is cleaned up wheneve
* Integrated and fixed both the Provision App and the Policy Manager, fixing lots of little bugs all over the place.
* integrated the PolicyManager with the Provision app and also created the framework for other apps to drive the Policy Manager. Nothing is tested right now.
* Checked in the Policy Manager piece, a mock for a rule engine applying the rules whether or not to accept an invitation.
* Changed the Persona Manager to detect fraud conditions applicable to this mock.
* added more chat personas. Changed the POM to do search and replace so that setting up KATOIDC isn't going to be such a pain in the future.
* Attempted to clean up the use of introspection and persona API. Also integrated the more insightful token endpoint response whenever a token is granted. The latter was quit
* Changed the OIDC Manager to send its authorization request in such a way that OIDC would force a new login for token approval.
* changed the client-side initial access token offered to the group provision app to user-based approval.
* fully tested and working, finally.
* got rid of an entity I ended up not needing.
* multiple bugfixes resulting in the first successful provision by the Provision application. Now need to troubleshoot the chat manager itself.
* Forgot to submit my invitation VOs
* fixed a problem so that everything would deploy. Step 1 of the troubleshoot.
* finished writing the provision piece as well. Development complete.
* Unit-tested the persona manager and begun work on the Provision piece.
* added an omschat scope to look for in order to safely choose whether or not the attributes are granted.
* Defined the Persona Manager application and also updated the provision project for the requirement for it to have an OMSChat-Admin persona token in order ot provision.
* factored the OMS-Chat-Manager and OMS-Chat-Manager to handle external provisioning so that now I can implement OMS-Chat-Provision to do it.
* more cleanup.
* a massive refactor so that I can better reuse the code already written between projects.
* Implemented token validation within the OMSChat-Manager application. This is now a true OAuth-enabled client!
* XML is case sensitive.
* forgot to change the pom.
* Added a Logrus profile for the provision project
* fixed 2 bugs, one with an access token not being requested when no token is present, and another with profiles being unable to be recreated.
* Fixed a problem with the dynamic registration.
* Simply prepopulated the provision invite page for convenience.
* removed the provision project's dependence on a database. This project does not require one. It does not use it.
* updated client to handle provisioning and also refactored quite a few things. Integrated OIDC into the client. Everything's untested right now.
* Forgot to update one of the properties
* created the provision project, the one to provision a new client by getting its initial access token in the group TCC fashion.
* implemented the Chat Client and had it refer to the manager application. I can have two windows open and chat between them.
* fixed a problem causing the length paramter on the entity bean to be mishandled. VARCHAR has a limit of 255, so my record field has to use @Lob. moved the jQuery library in
* began implementation to populate the chat record on page using pure AJAX. Also did some cleanup
* implemented database handling for the chat application: chat records can be inserted and read back.
* fixed a type in the POM and got rid of some garbage
* added a JNDI datasource to Jetty and configured a hot-swappable database with a Maven profile.
* created the shell of the Manager project.
* created shell for OMS-Chat project
* Initial commit


oms-core
~~~~~~~~

* t3051: version bump for v0.8.6.5
* t3250: Rearrange fields in gesture_template.json
* t2948: Merge v0.8.6.4 from master to qa-develop
* t3248: Use single quotes when triple-quoting
* t3247: Turn on 'run_tests' in all manifests
* t3245: Rename 'rest' module to 'gesture_recognition'
* t3243: Move code from 'grec' module into 'rest' module
* t3231: Add Admin support to rids module
* t3230: update RIDS manifest to use deploy.conf for constance
* t3229: include the gesture_template fixture in RIDS manifest
* t3229: create a fixture with gesture templates (training stub)
* t3222: RIDS manifest with Gesture Recognition
* t3095: add initial RIDS-Mock manifest
* t3200: Modified admin interface for persona
* t3182: move ID3NetworkUI manifest from oms-ui to oms-core
* t3151: add a fixture with all scopes the CoreID Registry needs
* t3169: Added possibility to edit persona_guid in admin of coreid_registry
* t3094: namespace app client/scope keys in Dashboard manifest
* t3108: Changes in escrow manifest for moved logs
* t3094: update Dashboard manifest to pull config from deploy.conf
* t3087: Copy in new manifests from oms-experimental


oms-core-ios
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* t3228: Catch-all for iOS app UI fixes
* t3144: Implement iOS UI UX changes needed to sync with RIDS specifications
* t3114: The iOS scenario specifies that multiple auth requests must be tracked and presented to the user
* t3154: OMS Biometric Authorization app crashes on gesture
* t2887: Implement missing animations
* t2982: Integrate root-id library with native app


oms-deploy
~~~~~~~~~~

* t3051: version bump for v0.8.6.5


oms-docs
~~~~~~~~

* t3051: Update release notes for v0.8.6.5
* t3051: version bump for v0.8.6.5
* t3260: Fix several links


oms-experimental
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* t3051: version bump for v0.8.6.5
* t3246: Add license to 'gesture_recognition' module
* t3249: Update __version_info__ in log_service module
* t2948: Merge v0.8.6.4 from master to qa-develop
* t3248: Use single quotes when triple-quoting
* t3245: Rename 'rest' module to 'gesture_recognition'
* t3243: Move code from 'grec' module into 'rest' module
* t3231: Add Admin support to rids module
* t3241: bugfixes to GRec and rids modules
* t3240: update RIDS app to use Gesture Recognition API
* t3239: initial import of gesture recognition modules
* t3204: deploy fake-oidc app with fabric
* t3234: Fix a bug in TN handling
* t3233: send pending auth count as badge
* t3234: Added unicode to TN, allow not installed applications without groups
* t3221: Notifications in reveres order on API
* t3221: Add url field to tn and application
* t3095: Stub in RIDS mock, connecting OIDC and iOS backend mock
* t3217: Revert changes for 3217
* t3217: Fixed trusted networks API listing
* t3210: Quick fix for notifications - all notfications returned from api
* t3209: Modify escrow to return all accounts
* t3203: panic action
* t3202: wrong client_id data type
* t3201: don't expire sa-ui_nonce on flow cancel
* t3085: Added fixtures for one user, one trust network and one group, and one notification
* t3163: Trusted network error logs enhanced
* t3194: serialize client data with pending authorization
* t3185: merge bitcoind account_fixture.py generator script
* t3170: Modify escrow so it produces notifications with account id
* Merge branch 't2909-rootid-mock' into qa-develop
* t3138: Fixes in escrow and trusted networks
* t2876: Added notifications for failed transactions and low balance
* t3122: limit access to account data to public only for another personas
* t3108: Moved logging from currency to escrow
* t3099: add title and description attributes to transaction and payment
* t3100: Added installed flag to trusted_networks model
* t3087: Move manifests to oms-core
* t3090: revert account lookup to surrogate id
* t3088: serialize incoming transactions within account data too
* t2986: Fix escrow FACT Authorization
* t3070: List full transactions in escrow
* t2925: Added Trusted networks API with filtering per persona
* t2909: mock RIDS v2 for iOS app
* t3138: Fixes in escrow and trusted networks
* t2876: Added notifications for failed transactions and low balance
* t3122: limit access to account data to public only for another personas
* t3108: Moved logging from currency to escrow
* t3099: add title and description attributes to transaction and payment
* t3100: Added installed flag to trusted_networks model
* t3087: Move manifests to oms-core
* t3090: revert account lookup to surrogate id
* t3088: serialize incoming transactions within account data too
* t2986: Fix escrow FACT Authorization
* t3070: List full transactions in escrow
* t2925: Added Trusted networks API with filtering per persona


oms-inside
~~~~~~~~~~

* Updated text at John's Havens' request
* Fixed api call that was causing blank screen
* Merge pull request #57 from a-laughlin/issue56
* fixed build break by updating grunt-eslint and eslint.json
* Adding roadmap dates
* Fixed reference to grunt watch with grunt dev
* Removed Happathon references from contributing
* Missed the page title on last commit.
* Removed Happathon references & related parts
* Merge pull request #53 from a-laughlin/issue47
* Merge pull request #52 from a-laughlin/issue51
* created initial roadmap
* Distinguished inside UI from core in architecture diagram
* Merge pull request #50 from a-laughlin/issue47
* Added architecture diagrams
* Updated with new (preliminary) project direction.
* Merge pull request #44 from a-laughlin/master
* fixed missing link in install process
* Merge pull request #43 from a-laughlin/master
* updated readme and and cleaned up unnecessary files
* Merge pull request #42 from a-laughlin/master
* updated gruntfile - it was accidentally running watch on default, stopping travis from completing build
* updated node version in travis config to latest (0.10.24)
* Merge pull request #41 from a-laughlin/master
* fixed weird npm update issue with grunt-eslint
* Merge pull request #40 from a-laughlin/master
* modifying appjs to trigger a travis build after a likely fluke error
* Merge pull request #34 from a-laughlin/issue30
* updated documentation for new architecture, plus did file cleanup, reinstated tests, and a few other small updates.  Too much for one commit, really.
* removed unused demo files
* added grunt-gh-pages to dependencies, for pushing demos. Not implemented yet though
* added the dist/ i.e. compiled directory to tracked files for gh-pages publishing
* Merge branch 'master' into issue30
* ui updates & compile process
* updated build process with compile
* ui updates & cleanup
* checkpoint for mock backend working with new build process
* updated plugin copying
* bower fully working again, and plugins copied to app/thirdparty
* modified gitignore. adjusting for a bunch of components showing up deleted
* updated .gitignore to correctly ignore files
* accidentally added a dev folder. Removing
* ugly, but working
* Merge pull request #32 from a-laughlin/bower_linting
* bower.json had extra comma. wasn't in jshint list.  Fixed
* Merge pull request #29 from a-laughlin/issue14
* Merge branch 'master' into issue14
* added a bunch of data and updated templates to start displaying the raw JSON
* fixed linting syntax in gruntfile after jshint package
* styling changes
* removed line causing error after jshint package update
* fixed linting error by updating grunt-contrib-jshint version
* Merge pull request #25 from a-laughlin/issue14
* refactored ui, module structure, css, data structure... pretty much everything
* Rename module.js to happathon-engine-module.js
* cleaning up deleted files
* basic working state
* update less files for bootstrap 3.0.2
* updated dependency libraries to latest versions
* Updates to make getting started easier
* Automatically open browser to start page on grunt watch
* Docs updates
* Merge pull request #15 from tfmorris/faker-fix
* Fixed Faker.js package name for Bower
* docs updates + license mod for IDcubed's custom one
* initial commit for happathon repo re-org
* t1238: Add PerguntusPlus.yaml manifest from oms-core
* t1238: Remove directories and modules that already exist in other repos
* t1075: add mimeparse to PerguntusTAB manifest (for tastypie, now 1.0)
* t1075: update Perguntus manifest - set specific version for pytz
* Added GPSDemo modules and manifests into repo
* t1057: add Perguntus TAB manifest from oms-core
* t1057: add perguntus UI and backend modules from oms-experimental
* update .gitignore with what we have elsewhere
* Initial commit


oms-kickstart
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* t3280: update repo list in build manifest comments
* t3051: version bump for v0.8.6.5
* t3080: define packer build manifests with Private Dashboard TCC


oms-root-id
~~~~~~~~~~~

* added RIDS spec. minor corrections to other docs
* updates to SE, SA; added credential spec
* removed old source files
* add subject agent v0.1.0; correction to UI (minor)
* getting rid of some watermarks. Also created PNG versions since I personally find them more convenient.
* corrected a typo in actor names in UMLs
* added Secure Element spec v0.1.0
* fixed H1/H2 message exchange in auth
* remove old docs
* fixes to registration, auth UML
* update auth UML, registration UML
* registration: incorporate yesterday discussions
* update registration UML to v0-4-0
* user interface spec added; others updated
* updated SA & vocab source docs for conf call
* updates to vocabulary, SA, RA source files
* new design docs
* added v0-1 registration UML msg seq diagram
* auth msg seq dia v0-2-2 (final)
* updated drafts for authentication
* updates to the RE-RA interface specs
* drafts of RE-RA interface added
* clarified repository organization, updated docs
* root id registration & hard recovery
* sketch sequence for registration, recovery
* interim update to draft doc
* updating a bunch of stuff
* mobile app UX root identity storyboard added
* clean up org of repository
* add UX screens & flow directory
* NIST SP 800-63v2 reference added
* final (initial) version of root identity intro doc
* initial work in progress snapshot


oms-salt-core
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* t3280: clean up repos included in the base build
* t3051: version bump for v0.8.6.5


oms-salt-tcf
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* t3051: version bump for v0.8.6.5
* t3192: automate deploying the Gesture Collection app
* t3159: Install the correct bitcoind package from PPA
* t3158: add Notes & Notifications TABs > Group-Escrow-Service TCC
* t3148: define Private TCC backend build, separate from Dashboard
* t3082: automate Escrow/Bitcoind install
* t3153: include OIDC client registration in Dashboard UI formula
* t3150: Automate deployment of Notes app
* t3147: automate deployment of Trusted Networks app
* t3145: automate deployment of Notifications app
* t2948: Merge v0.8.6.4 from master to qa-develop
* t3140: Drop OIDC WARs/config back to v0.8.6.2
* t3136: OIDC scopes are not allowed to have spaces


oms-ui
~~~~~~

* t3051: version bump for v0.8.6.5
* t2948: Merge v0.8.6.4 from master to qa-develop
* t3238: Tile fadeIn and image stretch.
* t3237: Menu possition fixed. Adding styled scrollbar.
* t3156: Update error messages.
* t3225: fixed loading messages on all screens.
* t3236: Notifications are fetched only when user is authenticatd.
* t3235: Use url property and fix group members list.
* t3227: Transactions sorted from latest to oldest
* t3218: Use Lato font and other minor fixes.
* t3207: Updated groups views.
* t3211: Added notifications autorefresh.
* t3212: Added loading texts on all lists in application.
* t3213: Making menus working properly.
* t3062: Updated personas (networks/personas) attributes, added 'Active Members' to networks and groups.
* t3196: Add missing actions in tiles and add few tile adjustments.
* t3206: Updated default image on network persona view.
* t3197: List of member of Trusted Network do not show duplicate personas.
* t3190: Default images are used all across the application
* t3182: move ID3NetworkUI manifest from oms-ui to oms-core
* t3175: Adding missing Lodash dependency.
* t3173: Fix the persona details view avatar.
* t3137: Adding simplest version of notifications.
* t3168: Fix for list of transactions in wallets.
* t3129: All personas images use 'avatar' attribute.
* t3127: Fixes for trusted network application list.
* t3123: Adding OIDC errors handling.
* t3157: Adding trailing slashes to requestes.
* t3139: Adding ability to buy attributes.
* t3128: Adding ability to make transaction to member of trusted network.
* t3115: Adding clickable tile picture
* t3073: Adding view of trusted network member.
* t3063: Integrate Trusted Networks API
* t3038: Integrate Escrow API for Wallets views
* t3092: script production build of the dashboard_ui module
* t3089: Updated readme with up to date installation instructions.
* t3075: Adding styles for home screen of ID3 Trusted Network.
* t3074: Adding working manifest for ID3 Network.
* t3072: Adding skeleton for ID3 trusted network.
* t2992: Integrate Groups API
* t3043: Adding ability to define base url for each endpoint.


python-oidc
~~~~~~~~~~~

* t3051: v0.8.6.5 release


v0.8.6.4
--------


oms-admin
~~~~~~~~~

* t2948: v0.8.6.4 release


oms-core
~~~~~~~~

* t2948: v0.8.6.4 release
* t3043: Adding configuation options to dashboard manifest.
* t2955: Create first version of Attribute Authority
* t3027: Remove links to RtD
* t2981: Create simple backend to collect gesture information
* t2884: add a manifest for the VirtualBox VRC
* t2979: Merge missing commits to qa-develop
* t2840: Added description and avatar fields to Groups


oms-core-ios
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* t2965: New gesture app for sending points to the backend


oms-core-js
~~~~~~~~~~~

* t3036: Library now respect expire_in parameter. Cookies use max-age.
* t3035: Adding option to force removing token.


oms-deploy
~~~~~~~~~~

* t2948: v0.8.6.4 release
* t2979: Merge missing commits to qa-develop
* t2257: correct perms on /var/log/oms/django-* log files


oms-docs
~~~~~~~~

* t2948: v0.8.6.4 release
* t2777: Update list of open source libraries, frameworks, etc in use
* t3049: Update Source Code Map
* t3027: Remove links to RtD


oms-experimental
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* t2948: v0.8.6.4 release
* t2955: Create first version of Attribute Authority
* t3027: Remove links to RtD
* t2926: Added basic notification API and modified escrow to use it
* t2996: Disable EscrowFACT for now to fix escrow service
* t2981: Create simple backend to collect gesture information
* t2979: Merge missing commits to qa-develop
* t2824: refactor FACT, created as a single module
* t2970: fix license header in sources
* t2875: FACT transformations for Escrow transfers


oms-kickstart
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* t3107: ensure the hostname is set for packer builds
* t2971: update reclass to 1.3 + patched in packer builds
* t3076: update post_kick for hostname/minion correctness
* t2948: v0.8.6.4 release
* t2936: create kickstart build manifest for the VBox Trust Network VRC
* t2971: use reclass 1.3 + patched
* t2980: remove qa-develop build manifests from oms-kickstart
* t2973: correct references to packages:base pillar key
* t2961: set oms.tcc.rTCC as the default kickstart build
* t2972: add ability to keep/clear bootstrap pillar


oms-oidc
~~~~~~~~

* added my general log4j config.
* checked in the modified log4j config files for OIDC and OIDC-Demo.
* created per-WAR logging with Log4j in addition to the application-level logging Tomcat normally does.
* fixed a bug with the way one of the fields was deserialized as ,causing personas to come without their scopes. updated SQL scripts to align the persona UUIDs.
* Cleaned up inconsistencies with persona information: some places had it as persona_id, persona_uuid.... and other as simply id, uuid.... Everything now just says id, uuid e
* added a few new scopes to Persona Manager's database client. Need to figure out how to handle arbitrary scopes with OIDC for persona manager.
* Merge branch 'qa-develop' of github.com:IDCubed/oms-oidc into qa-develop


oms-salt-core
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* t3078: manage /etc/salt/minion_id through salt.minion.base
* t2948: v0.8.6.4 release
* t2988: add reclass manifest for python
* t2971: use reclass 1.3 + patched
* t2974: correct requisites in reclass.install formula
* t2973: correct references to packages:base pillar key
* t2950: add manifests to manage PPA and install libzmq3-dev
* t2967: define manifest to manage PPA for salt
* t2966: add generic formula to manage Ubuntu PPA for apt


oms-salt-tcf
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* t3140: Drop OIDC WARs/config back to v0.8.6.2
* t3134: define basic TCC/TAB manifests for Escrow Service
* t3136: Fix Dashboard scopes for readability in demo
* t3131: ensure Dashboard UI has the persona-management scope
* t3094: namespace app client/scope keys for dashboard deploy
* t2948: v0.8.6.4 release
* t3081: Automate the deployment and config of the DashboardUI
* t3118: Update log configs in oidc.tomcat formula
* t3079: Define a TCC for the Dashboard UI
* t3104: update OIDC java properties for v0.8.6.4
* t2934: update logstash to use supervisord, replace init.d
* t2839: add formula/manifest to deploy the VBox Trust Network TCC
* t2988: correct uwsgi requisites in formula/manifest
* t2968: update rTCC manifest to lock salt at v0.17.x
* t2962: correct CoreID Demo TCC manifest to extend the rTCC
* t2733: include user.root formula into the rTCC
* t2733: clean up user.root formula
* t2181: raise root's tmux scrollback buffer to 5000


oms-ui
~~~~~~

* t2948: v0.8.6.4 release
* t3041: Adding missing bower dependencies.
* t3037: Adding global error handler.
* t3040: Fix issues with tiles.
* t2993: Adding modified tile directive
* t2998: Adding logout functionality.
* t2994: Integrate Restangular.
* t2995: Minor fixes to home screen look.
* t2910: Adding wallets views
* t2842: Created groups view.
* t2920: Adding views of trusted networks.
* t2919: Adding personas views.
* t2906: Create Angular.js directive for bottom menu.
* t2956: Adding updated icons and default tile icons.


oms-vrc
~~~~~~~

* t2851: document how to deploy and setup the VBox VRC
* t2884: drop Snapshot from vbox_vrc.api and vbox_vrc.urls
* t2884: Convert VBox VRC -> OMS modules


python-oidc
~~~~~~~~~~~

* t2948: v0.8.6.4 release


v0.8.6.3
--------


oms-core
~~~~~~~~

* t2918: Modify manifets to support new escrow API
* t2809: Merge v0.8.6.2 to qa-develop
* t2897: Fixing Dashboard UI manifest.
* t2821: Added membership resource and modifed notes to use groups
* t2805: Created group resource with rule for per persona access
* t2728: Adding manifest for Dashboard UI.


oms-core-ios
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* t2848: iOS app needs Authorization header when talking to backend
* t2846: Prepare the functional prototype of the complete iOS application flow
* t2847: Perform fixes to the iOS authentication flow after feedback from demo


oms-core-js
~~~~~~~~~~~

* t2176: Adding initialization error handling, documentation and tests for it.
* t2178: Adding functionality to revoke token (logout). Included tests and updated README.md
* t2858: Adding correct license text.


oms-docs
~~~~~~~~

* t2888: add logging tutorial
* t2896: Update release process documentation


oms-experimental
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* t2821: Modifed notes app to use groups
* t2917: internal transfers are not reflected in blockchain
* t2908: Escrow API changes (json-ld, all operations through manager)
* t2809: Merge v0.8.6.2 to qa-develop
* t2795: escrow account manager for balance & payment management


oms-kickstart
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* t2931: Increase VM image RAM from 256 MB to 1 GB


oms-oidc
~~~~~~~~

* Reintegrated OMSChat and OIDC so that the demo runs correctly end to end through the modified OIDC.
* Final fixes. All done. OIDC is building and testing all the way.
* More bugxies. Only one test is now broken: GroupUsecaseIntegrationTest.
* Lots of bugfixes. More bugfixes to come.
* Implemented a mechanism to determine administrator from the userInfo persona. I am hoping this will be signed by an Attribute Authority and validated during login. Also, fi
* Created a RIDS mock that allows passing through the authentication step. Lots of little changes to test that have somehow eluded me checking them in.
* The UserRegistry unit tests were not salvagable. I created brand new test for the brand new persona provider component.
* Fully integrated RIDS and replace the User Registry module with an almost equivalent Persona Provider one. Rippled changes through the entire code base. Nothing is tested y
* Removed the Authorization endpoint security filter as it was not needed in the end. Changed the Login filter to handle everything.
* Multiple bugfixes across the board.
* Bugfixes. Consolidating things.
* created the RIDSConfiguration bean and mechanism to configure the RIDS integration layer with it.
* Fixing some Spring config I had missed.
* Added validation of LOA through Policy Manager.
* Root Identity System integration logic, partially completed and partially tested.
* replaced the concept of a user hash with the rather vague term user identity string. The latter will hopefully soon be populated with the RE-SE handle from the Root Identit
* allowed the portal client to use introspection, limited lifetime of all the tokens to 1 hour.
* Created a Portal client script.


oms-salt-core
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* t2866: Add 3 repos to OMS release oms-core-ios oms-core-js oms-vrc
* t2809: Merge v0.8.6.2 to qa-develop


oms-salt-tcf
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* t2941: add formula to deploy the set_master app as a service
* t2940: define a manifest for the rTCC Seeds TAB
* t2870: add formula to deploy the trust_score app as a service
* t2591: remove (old) salt.master formula


oms-ui
~~~~~~

* t2809: Merge v0.8.6.2 to qa-develop
* t2841: Updated button menu as designed.
* t2879: SASS files are now correctly mapped onto CSS when using gulp watch-oms task in default template.
* t2889: Integrating tile directive into personas view. Adding notifications API mockup.
* t2771: Adding tile directive for dashboard-ui
* t2886: Fixes unmerged files in dashboard UI.
* t2874: Catching up with new version of bootstrap-sass. Some fixes after merge.
* t2728: Adding base for Dashboard UI.


oms-vrc
~~~~~~~

* t2946: bugfix in set_master
* t2929: disable support for snapshots of VBox VMs
* t2816: initial VBox module documentation
* t2755: improve storage controller management
* t2883: add django management commands to VBox VRC
* t2782: Update VBox VRC APIs
* t2891: TOFU Set Master, give the rTCC a means to update itself
* t2729: create an initial trust score mvp
* t2869: correct the last (messy) commit
* t2782: add read-only API views to vbox vrc
* t2755: add support for taking and tracking VM snapshots
* t2755: add support for setting network options of the VM
* t2624: include a salt client wrapper for the vbox vrc
* t2624: add virtualbox module for salt
* t2734: initial django project to track VResources
* t2804: add a setup.py to install vbox_wrapper as a python pkg
* t2577: create a wrapper module around pyvbox
* t2523: add initial version of the UI Framework
* t2817: add data collection and plotting scripts for Linux
* t2814: minor update to pyvbox_stress_test script
* t2628: add script to stress test VM usage
* t1734: correct LICENSE


v0.8.6.2
--------


oms-admin
~~~~~~~~~

* t2809: v0.8.6.2 release


oms-core
~~~~~~~~

* t2809: v0.8.6.2 release
* t2801: Make changes in manifests to support new escrow service
* t2716: manifest for escrow service
* t2717: Modify coreid_registry to collect payment for paid attributes,        Also change in notes manifest due to ref
* t2800: Clean up Notes.yaml manifest


oms-core-ios
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* t2557: Create OIDC library for iOS to simplify authorization process and make it reusable.
* t2759: Implement multiple auths flow
* t2784: Implement repeat gesture system.
* t2785: Implement panic button.
* t2758: Implement Association flow


oms-deploy
~~~~~~~~~~

* t2809: v0.8.6.2 release


oms-docs
~~~~~~~~

* t2809: v0.8.6.2 release
* t2792: Fix up capitalization and typos


oms-experimental
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* t2809: v0.8.6.2 release
* t2796: Added escrow wrapper and switched currency to use escrow service
* t2798: make Escrow service (partially) deployable
* t2767: Added logging of transactions to currency module
* t2716: escrow service
* t2717: Create rule, transform for paying for attribute access,        Refactoring of currency transforms and rules
* t2800: Clean up payment gateway and Notes application code


oms-kickstart
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* t2809: v0.8.6.2 release
* t2753: add a packer build manifest for the OMS rTCC


oms-salt-core
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* t2809: v0.8.6.2 release
* t1802: define a manifest, salt minion with a local master
* t1802: add manifest to enable salt-minion service
* t2591: add formula for basic salt-master setup
* t2854: drop isinstance() jinja macro from salt minion config
* t1802: define config template for a masterless salt minion
* t2837: salt-minion service is disabled, by default
* t2835: clean up the list of repos in the official build


oms-salt-tcf
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* t2809: v0.8.6.2 release
* t1802: include masterless salt minion config in rTCC
* t2853: correct logstash config template


oms-ui
~~~~~~

* t2809: v0.8.6.2 release
* t2856: Updating LICENSE with correct license text.
* t2754: Adding default template for OMS JavaScript applications.
* t2568: version bump for v0.8.5.2
* t2455: define basic sphinx documentation project
* t2754: Adding default template for OMS JavaScript applications.


oms-vrc
~~~~~~~

* t1734: add ID3 license to repo root
* t1734: add .gitignore for an initial commit


python-oidc
~~~~~~~~~~~

* t2809: v0.8.6.2 release


v0.8.6.1
--------


oms-core
~~~~~~~~

* t2605: Added manifest for digital payments app - notes
* t2606: Modified OIDCFACTAuthorization to pass aditional data to state generator
* t2687: Reorg Perguntus and GPS Demo states
* t2436: Pin critical Python deps in manifests to tested versions


oms-core-ios
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* t2757: Adjust current views to new design.
* t2760: Implement new behaviors to Main menu
* t2658: OIDC redirect for authentication request should be redirected to backend where notification to user's mobile d
* t2715: Implement views for authentication process and granting permissions.
* Merge pull request #1 from IDCubed/t-2617-implement_mocked_flow
* shows all collected data in Complele view
* all data can be entered
* updated style
* Registration flow (views)
* upload code to github
* added OMS-oidc-library first attempt with demo


oms-core-js
~~~~~~~~~~~

* t2600 - Fixed type and change wording a bit.
* t2600 - Adding documentation describing how to integrate library with jQuery (it will work with Backbone.js as well) and Angular.js
* t2600 - Rephrased test specs to be proper BDD sentences.
* t2600 - Adding instruction how to use library.
* t2600 - Small code refactoring, coding style fixes.
* t2600 - Added option to configure XMLHttpRequest that user passed if needed - will be good for creating framework specific plugins. Added some more JsDocs.
* t2600 - Added method for getting pre-configured XMLHttpRequest with Authorization headers.
* t2600 - Adding instruction for building production version of library to README.md.
* t2600 - Forget that IE 8 doesnt support max-age cookies, changes it to work with expires.
* t2600 - Fixed failing tests of PhantomJS. Fixed method for setting cookies. Removed accidentally commited console.log.
* t2600 - Added functionality and tests for getting access token from URL. Failing on PhantomJS for unknown reasons - needs to be investigated.
* t2600 - Made private variables private.
* t2600 - Adding mising JsDocs.
* t2600 - Added working method for forgeting credentials.
* t2600 - Merge. Fixed indentions.
* t2600 - Adding test for forgeting credentials.
* Merge pull request #2 from IDCubed/t2650-gulp-script-for-minimization
* t2650 - Adaptation to comments
* t2650 - First Gulp script for minimization
* t2600 - Fixed indention
* t2600 - Adding method and tests for testing whatever credentials are set.
* t2600 - Fixed typo
* Adding method and tests for redirecting to authorization page using configuration.
* Adding option to set scope and oidc base url.
* Adding karma-jshint to karma configuration to make sure that we wont commit any errors.
* Fixing some linter errors after getting in work again.
* Adding some simple instructions to readme file.
* t2600 - Adding some simple test to check whatever entier configuration works as expected.
* Adding new configuration that include karma-jasmine-ajax adapter for faking ajax responses - will be needed to test library base functionality.
* t2600 - Added some configuration for jasmine-ajax. Adapter needs to be added.
* t2600 - Changing version of Jasmine used by karma to 2.x.x. Please run npm update
* t2600 - Adding configuration for Karma.js
* t2600 - Adding karma as dependency. Run npm install
* t2600 - Adding skeleton for omscode.js library. Just dummy file for now.
* t2600 - Adding skeleton of files required for library.
* t2600 - Creating a short description README.md about repository and its purpose.


oms-deploy
~~~~~~~~~~

* t2565: Modified deploy to support plugins installing via setuptools


oms-experimental
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* t2737: method to make payment from specific account instead of default
* t2605: Provide transforms,rules and state for payment processing
* t2562: digital currencies payments gateway
* t2604: closed bitcoind network (local, regtest mode)
* t2648: Added module to make digital payments based on transactions in JSON-LD format
* t2687: Reorg Perguntus and GPS Demo states


oms-kickstart
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* t2736: rename reclass classes -> manifests
* t2731: reclass formula sources config from pillar, add to build


oms-salt-core
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* t2128: automate updating salt top.sls (for developers)
* t2736: rename reclass classes -> manifests
* t2733: core formula should not depend on user.root from tcf
* t2590: bump reclass to v1.3
* t2731: update reclass formula to source config from pillar
* t2732: import hostname formula/manifest from oms-salt-tcf
* t2588: Fixup license across all .sls formula


oms-salt-tcf
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* t2790: fix kibana service with supervisord
* t2799: add basic formula for supervisord
* t2778: correct permissions on logstash log directory
* t2780: update service config/script in logstash formula
* t2740: update logstash formula to install v1.4.2
* t2741: refactor the logstash config
* t2739: update logstash formula to pull from pillar
* t2593: define the manifest to create an ELK TAB
* t2622: add a manifest to define the Root TCC (rTCC)
* t2766: template the entire KibanaConfig.rb
* t2738: add basic formula to install/config kibana
* t2593: include basic formula/manifest for Elasticsearch
* t2736: rename reclass classes -> manifests
* t2732: remove hostname formula/manifest
* t2588: Fixup license across all .sls formula


v0.8.5.2
--------

Focal Points
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* simplify the process to build sphinx documentation projects in all OMS repos
* define/standardize basic sphinx documentation projects for all OMS repos
* improve completeness of documentation 
* new OMS app: the downloadable VM tracking app


oms-docs
~~~~~~~~

* t2227: update iframe for Downloadable VM Requests
* t2227: update URL in VM Image Request iframe
* t2465: write a tutorial, update the system hostname
* t2498: correct version defined in oms-docs/package.json
* t2454: add sphinx doc builder for an arbitrary list of repos
* t2454: update Makefile/Gruntfile.js with config generator
* t2583: document new multi-project doc builder
* t2584: correct OMS doc template, oms/layout.html
* t2071: refactor introduction section
* t1164: import/update tutorial: Intro to Django
* t2429: update tutorial index with new tutorials
* t2325: update list of repos in the source code map
* t2433: add a crude drop-down menu to jump across doc projects
* t2084: Add Swap File Tutorial
* t2084: update Swap File Tutorial
* t1166: create/integrate new page - doc overview/intro
* t2522: reference external doc projects (API docs)
* t2455: align the great Sphinx
* t2568: version bump to v0.8.5.2 in sources/conf.py
* t2428: correct guide, Get Started with OMS Kickstart
* t1854: update theme.conf to include document_title
* t2428: correct guide, deploy/setup reference TCC
* t2319: Overhaul the documented release process
* t2522: update source code map, include links to API docs
* t2642: hide search entry form until search is functional
* t2522: update (API) Documentation Overview page
* t2319: another update to the release process doc             oms-kickstart
* t2721: shuffle around the contributing section               ~~~~~~~~~~~~~


oms-kickstart
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* t2425: correct use of oms:default_rev in config/pillar/\*.yaml
* t2426: minor usability clean up config/pillar.yaml
* t2309: rename oms/base/ubuntu_* build templates for consistency
* t2310: correct packer's oms/base/ubuntu_iso build template 
* t2455: align the great Sphinx 
* t2568: bump version to v0.8.5.2 


oms-salt-core
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* t2336: create basic sphinx documentation project
* t2582: import release management formula from oms-admin
* t2568: bump version in classes/oms.yml to v0.8.5.2


oms-salt-tcf
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* t2076: create a basic sphinx project for the repo
* t2602: update URL/checksum in OIDC WAR manifest to v0.8.5.1
* t2696: update oidc-java-properties manifest for OIDC v0.8.5.1
* t2568: bump version to v0.8.5.2


oms-admin
~~~~~~~~~

* t2455: align the great sphinx, add basic docs
* t2568: version bump to v0.8.5.2


oms-deploy
~~~~~~~~~~

* t2455: align the great sphinx
* t2568: v0.8.5.2 version bump and update to setup.py


oms-core
~~~~~~~~

* t2455: align the Great Sphinx!
* t2491: move GPSDemo.rst > funf-connector.rst and update
* t2492: update index.rst as the doc overview
* t2568: version bump to v0.8.5.2


python-oidc
~~~~~~~~~~~

* t2455: define basic sphinx documentation project
* t2568: version bump for v0.8.5.2


oms-oidc
~~~~~~~~



oms-experimental
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* t1274: TAB for Downloadable VM Images
* t2227: create separate template for iframe in VmImages
* t2420: improve auth on downloadrequests/downloadlog in VmImage
* t2420: rename MyAuthentication > AnonPOSTAuthenticateGET in VmImage module
* t2348: update content and styling on VmImages templates
* t2320: eval(config.EMAIL) from constance in vm_image
* t2469: include login link in admin email sent by vm_images
* t2455: the Great Sphinx alignment!
* t2568: version bump to v0.8.5.2


oms-ui
~~~~~~

* t2455: define basic sphinx documentation project
* t2568: version bump for v0.8.5.2


v0.8.5.1
--------

Focal Points
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* documentation improvements


oms-docs
~~~~~~~~

* t2353: Update release notes for v0.8.5.1
* t2353: Bump version to v0.8.5.1
* t2437: Mention second release signing key in Release Process doc
* t2353: Bump version in package.json to v0.8.5.1
* t2417: Use generic VM image filename in docs
* t2416: Restore instructions for importing the Release Signing Key
* t2415: update releases section of oms-docs landing page
* t2285: Update TAB Tutorial
* t2070: add release notes for OMS v0.7 and v0.8 series releases
* t1366: add LICENSE, for source that is not explicit about it


oms-kickstart
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* t2353: Bump version to v0.8.5.1
* t2343: correct/update license across all scripts
* t2337: initial sphinx project for kickstart docs
* t1366: add LICENSE, for source that is not explicit about it
* t2330: remove config/pillar/master.yaml


oms-salt-core
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* t2353: Bump version in classes/oms.yml to v0.8.5.1
* t1366: add LICENSE, for source that is not explicit about it


oms-salt-tcf
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* t1366: add LICENSE, for source that is not explicit about it


oms-admin
~~~~~~~~~

* t2353: Bump version to v0.8.5.1
* t1366: add LICENSE - for source that is not explicit about it


oms-deploy
~~~~~~~~~~

* t2353: Bump version to v0.8.5.1
* t1366: add LICENSE, for source that is not explicit about it


oms-core
~~~~~~~~

* t2449: Pin django-extensions to 1.2.5 in manifests
* t2353: Bump version to v0.8.5.1
* t2347: functional update to VmImages.yaml manifest
* t1274: add manifest for VM Image Request app
* t1366: add LICENSE, for source that is not explicit about it


oms-experimental
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* t2353: Bump version to v0.8.5.1
* t1366: add LICENSE, for source that is not explicit about it


oms-ui
~~~~~~

* t1366: add LICENSE, for source that is not explicit about it


oms-oidc
~~~~~~~~

* t2421: sync SQL scripts included in v0.8.5 > qa-develop (v0.8.5.1-rc)
* t2340: correct licensing for oms-oidc


python-oidc
~~~~~~~~~~~

* t2353: Bump version to v0.8.5.1
* t1366: add LICENSE, for source that is not explicit about it


v0.8.5
------

Focal Points
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* refine everything, TCF, TN, TCC, TABs, Registry, OIDC, VRC, automation
* docs are even better
* CoreID, Personas, OIDC, FACT, Authorization proof-of-concept implemented


oms-docs
~~~~~~~~

* t1839: add CONTRIBUTING.md and reference ID3 wiki article
* t1166: Add summary to each top-level section
* t1166: slight improvement for the top-level index/overview
* t1556: create a guide for contributing to documentation
* t1855: document details of release process
* t1816: revamp the OIDC Developer's Guide
* t1819: Move TAB Tutorial from wiki to oms-docs
* t1842: update code blocks for correctness and clarity
* t1875: correct references to IDOIC with OIDC
* t1819: Expand TAB Tutorial
* t1903: oic_validation -> oidc_validation
* t1878: TAB Tutorial updates
* t1878: Add OIDC client creation section to TAB Tutorial
* t2012: Add OIDC Tutorial
* t2015: Lightly copyedit the TAB Dev Environment doc
* t1792: sync qa-develop with updates from master/v0.8.4
* t1792: correct URLs for downloadable VM, still v0.8.3
* t2067: add a map to the OMS source code
* t1908: add tutorial, build docker containers with oms-kickstart
* t1557: add better documentation for deploy.conf in kickstart docs
* t1918: add an API Endpoint Reference for OIDC
* t2036: document importing and confirming OMS Release Signing Key
* t2010: minor config fixup for v0.8.5 release
* t2085: automate build/refresh on file change with grunt/node.js
* t2085: document the new automated doc dev workflow
* t1932: correct external link to CoreID Infra paper
* t2199: Drop 'modules.' prefix when importing OMS modules
* t2305: TAB Tutorial updates
* t1945: add a guide detailing how to skin/theme OIDC
* t1813: Remove links to Background Concepts and Terminology pages
* t1821: refactor/overhaul vm image build docs with packer
* t2318: Update Release Process document
* t2010: Merge v0.8.5 to master
* t2321: correct demo/dev VM import/setup details for v0.8.5


oms-kickstart
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* t1858: move YAML configs out of repo root
* t1460: write arbitrary pillar from config.yaml to bootstrap.sls
* t1896: use yaml.safe_dump() instead of yaml.dump()
* t1460: create two new kickstart configs, pillar embedded
* t1897: document how to provide config to kickstart as multiple files
* t1460: document the new pillar config key
* t1460: separate pillar.yaml config per revision
* t1792: define base deploy_defaults keys for per-revision pillar
* t1858: point kickstart config at oms-salt-core/legacy
* t1858: include oms-vrc, oms-salt-core, oms-salt-hosting in OMS source code checkout
* t1858: fixup vhost_base_url in deploy_defaults pillar
* t1995: rename SSL key seeded into deploy.conf
* t2014: add oms-inside to source code checkout
* t2010: fixup embedded pillar to sync with reality
* t1906: kickstart kickstart!
* t1906: update README, how to kickstart-kickstart
* t2030: shuffle around YAML configs
* t2051: add more commentary to all YAML configs
* t2068: move states for TCF - oms-salt-core >> oms-salt-tcf
* t2010: fixup master/release kickstart config for v0.8.5
* t1858: define base system packages through pillar
* t1908: add Dockerfiles and docs to kickstart docker containers
* t1982: use embedded pillar to seed reclass' master_tops


oms-salt-core
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* t1858: import salt states from oms-deploy
* t1858: create /etc/oms.conf
* t2032: add states for basic management of ufw
* t1982: basic states to install and setup reclass
* t2010: move base.sls >> packages.sls
* t1802: add states and config for salt-minion service
* t2010: bump copyleft year to 2014
* t2010: create a packages.yml for reclass
* t2077: leverage reclass' ability to provide top list
* t2080: move oms repos pillar from oms-kickstart to reclass
* t2081: correct file mode set in root SSH keys
* t1556: make it easier to hack on oms-docs
* t1982: improve on the initial reclass formula
* t2206: add formula for installing python, pip, and setuptools
* t2225: add a formula that installs our mkswap script
* t2223: define a state which ensures the OMS base is present
* t2224: import states/cmd.py from saltstack
* t2032: add ufw.allow_http and allow_https states
* t2228: correct pkg handling/install in oms-admin formula
* t2010: create oms-repos-v0_8_5 reclass
* t2010: minor comment/update to oms.repos formula
* t2226: include default oms pillar in reclass oms.yml
* t2223: update oms.admin formula with oms.require_base include
* t2010: Merge v0.8.5 to master
* t2010: Update branch to master in classes/oms.yml


oms-salt-tcf
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* t1858: import current salt states from oms-deploy
* t1850: fixup oidc and nginx states
* t1079: fixup dotfiles setup for root user
* t1899: set JAVA_OPTS in /etc/default/tomcat7 through pillar
* t2010: fixup legacy fullstack.sls
* t2010: clean up .sls for v0.8.5
* t1908: basic states to install docker
* t2073: move opensmtpd pillar keys from oms-kickstart to oms-salt-tcf/classes
* t2074: move sls includes from fullstack sls to reclass
* t2083: remove oms states provided by oms-salt-core
* t2081: fixup user.root state - do not pass on bad file mode
* t2127: bump version of opensmtpd to 5.4.2
* t2129: watch postgres service/pkg, refresh salt modules
* t1488: give vim knowledge about salt format and syntax
* t2087: update OIDC states to build/run with java 7
* t2147: refactor management of OIDC server's java config
* t2147: define oidc pillar in oidc-server-config reclass
* t2152: define default java_opts for OIDC in oidc-server-config reclass
* t2147: refactor OIDC deploy formula + reclass definitions
* t2170: manage tomcat's web.xml, ensure running in production mode
* t2201: update nginx.conf in salt formula for DO
* t2088: fixup license across all salt states
* t2241: define /etc/hostname in hostname sls directly
* t2242: fixup root's tmux config, use default modifier
* t2268: update fullstack formula and reclass definition
* t2010: add ufw.allow_http state to nginx.yml reclass
* t2156: refactor opensmtpd formula, reclass and config
* t2145: include reclass definition with OIDC WARs for v0.8.5
* t2090: add a reclass definition for OIDC as an OMS App
* t2090: CoreID TCC, add states + reclass definitions
* t2243: add a salt formula + reclass definition for PersonaUI
* t2243: add Persona Management App to Small Community TCC


oms-admin
~~~~~~~~~

* t1562: refactor oms-admin to use argh
* t1562: minor fixup to last commit on argh
* t2009: Use single quotes in triple-quoted docstrings      oms-deploy
* t2048: move existing commands to a sub-module in oms_admin~~~~~~~~~~
* t2010: version bump to v0.8.5
* t2010: Merge v0.8.5 to master


oms-deploy
~~~~~~~~~~

* t1573: more efficient install for modules, configs, scripts
* t2038: Remove extra space character from license
* t1935: Update copyright date in Python source files
* t1792: sync qa-develop with master/v0.8.4-rc
* t2010: bump version to v0.8.5
* t1613: ensure tests are run without user input too
* t2093: update default django settings.py, log errors to file
* t2143: suppress verbose output from pip
* t2083: remove all salt formulas, states, modules, pillar


oms-core
~~~~~~~~

* t1361: Create client_credentials module
* t1361: Use client_credentials module in GPSDemo
* t1839: add CONTRIBUTING.md and reference ID3 wiki article
* t1465: Delete old chat app
* t1004: mock flow of TW Perguntus deploy
* t1004: fetch wizard config from selected manifest, and remove hardcoded values.
* t1209: update manifests.json with the latest from the YAML files
* t707:  Use template variables instead of hardcoded values in manifests
* t1903: Rename files (oic_validation -> oidc_validation)
* t1903: oic_validation -> oidc_validation
* t1924: Remove empty Python files
* t1:    Add license to Python files
* t1975: Add workaround for Tastypie create_api_key ImportError
* t1984: Update deprecated import (django.conf.urls.defaults -> django.conf.urls)
* t1818: Add a simple CoreID Registry
* t1953: add a utility to import any importable python object
* t1927: add a manifest and module for Core ID Registration
* t1951: map core IDs to personas in CoreID Registry
* t1970: Create a FACT-enabled PersonaAuthorization class
* t1940: Filter the CoreID Registry's Persona APIs through FACT
* t2009: Use single quotes in triple-quoted docstrings
* t2026: Use introspection endpoint for OIDC validation
* t2027: Remove OpenIdConnectAuthorization.is_authorized() method
* t2037: Add docs and tests to core ID- and persona-related modules
* t2038: Remove extra space character from license
* t2039: Rename cn_sandbox to funf_connector
* t2040: Rename pds_sandbox to gps_demo_pds
* t2041: Rename prox_sandbox to gps_demo_proximity
* t2049: Namespace OIDC-related template variables in manifests
* t1792: sync qa-develop with updates from master/v0.8.4
* t2060: Add perguntus_farming.json fixture
* t1935: Update copyright date in Python source files
* t2150: Change "trust wrapper" to "TAB" in oms-core
* t2150: Change "trust wrapper" to "TAB" in oms-core (rename files)
* t1979: Clean up manifests
* t1965: Add module deps and update Tastypie in PrivateRegistry.yaml
* t2185: Drop 'modules.' prefix when importing OMS modules
* t2166: Improve error handling during OIDC token validation
* t2144: ensure correct Persona/Core ID setup during Registration
* t2144: update CoreID-Registration manifest for v0.8.5
* t2179: refactor CoreID Registration Complete page for usability
* t2144: rename initial scope ven > persona-management
* t1443: reorganize oms-core/static, move into appropriate places
* t2198: correct template parameters in TFrameworks page
* t2216: Turn on tests in CoreID-Registration.yaml
* t2185: Drop 'modules.' prefix when importing OMS modules
* t2165: add manifest for PersonasUI OMS (reference) App
* t1211: Fix PortalRegistry.yaml manifest for v0.8.5
* t1961: Create OIDCFACTAuthorization class
* t2248: Improve error handling during OIDC token validation
* t1922: Update RtD environment and docs
* t1987: Add CoreID Registry docs
* t2179: update default registration complete page


oms-experimental
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* t1361: Use client_credentials module in GPSDemo
* t1839: add CONTRIBUTING.md and reference ID3 wiki article
* t1465: Delete old chat app
* t1903: oic_validation -> oidc_validation
* t1924: Remove empty Python files
* t2009: Use single quotes in triple-quoted docstrings
* t1935: Update copyright date in Python source files
* t2039: Rename cn_sandbox to funf_connector
* t2040: Rename pds_sandbox to gps_demo_pds
* t2041: Rename prox_sandbox to gps_demo_proximity
* t1979: Clean up manifests
* t2185: Drop 'modules.' prefix when importing OMS modules
* t1961: Use OIDCFACTAuthorization class in GPS Demo and Perguntus


oms-ui
~~~~~~

* t1160: create a generic management UI for OMS Personas
* t1408: move to oms-core base_bootstrap3.html
* t1408: move shared lib.less with common ID3 theme to oms-core. AUTHOR BC
* t1839: add CONTRIBUTING.md and reference ID3 wiki article
* t2165: adding OIDC back to persona ui
* t2165: set Persona UI CoreID API URL through constance
* t2165: move persona management urls into the module
* t2165: merge Persona UI > v0.8.5
* t2144: Add hub_registration_theme module
* t2179: remove complete page from hub_registration_theme
* t2010: Merge v0.8.5 to master


v0.8.4
------

Focal Points
~~~~~~~~~~~~

oms-docs
~~~~~~~~

* t1878: Add OIDC client creation section to TAB Tutorial
* 903: update oic_validation -> oidc_validation
* t1166: Add summary to each top-level section
* t1792: update docs for v0.8.4 release
* t1764: Update GPS Demo Tutorial for v0.8.4


oms-kickstart
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* t1839: add CONTRIBUTING.md and reference ID3 wiki article


oms-salt-core
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* t1858: import current salt states from oms-deploy
* t1850: fixup oidc and nginx states
* t1079: fixup dotfiles setup for root user
* t1899: set JAVA_OPTS in /etc/default/tomcat7 through pillar
* t2010: fixup legacy fullstack.sls


oms-admin
~~~~~~~~~

* t1839: add CONTRIBUTING.md and reference ID3 wiki article
* t1792: bump version to v0.8.4
* t1792: merge v0.8.4 to master


oms-deploy
~~~~~~~~~~

* t1613: hardcode hosts list for fabric, and use fabric's execute()
* t1792: sync qa-develop with master
* t1792: bump version to 0.8.4
* t1792: correct default deploy config in oms pillar
* t1898: ensure HTTP > HTTPS redirect is disabled
* t1579: ensure nginx does not block OIDC's .well-known URL
* t1899: disable mongodb service by default
* t1995: correct SSL key in pillar seeds to deploy.conf


oms-core
~~~~~~~~

* t1444: Update access token in GPSDemo.yaml
* t702: add check_questions service to Perguntus manifest
* t1464: Remove unnecessary quotation marks in manifests
* t1471: Unpin pytz version in manifests
* t551: add oms-deploy as a dependency to Registry manifest
* l702: add CRON_EMAIL_DELAY constance to Perguntus
* t790: add module summary doc to all python modules in oms-core
* t1238: Remove PerguntusPlus.yaml manifest
* t1476: ensure Registry's embedded services are disabled by default
* t1494: add simpleStream embedded service to Private Registry manifest
* t1302: add persona_config to PerguntusDemo manifest
* t1302: extract persona wizard config from manifest
* t991: refactor OIDC persona wizard with CoreID page
* t1404: add copy of bootstrap 3.0.0
* t1404: add copy of font-awesome 3.2.1.
* t1404: add copy of HTML5 JS 3.7.0.
* t1404: add copy of LessCSS 1.4.1.
* t1408: move shared lib.less with common ID3 theme to oms-core.
* t1408: add base for bootstrap 3 site
* t1558: update manifests to leverage jinja template variables
* t1618 - added OMSOIDC fallback mechanizem
* t1593: Replace access token with template variable in GPSDemo.yaml
* t1593: Update Questions' send_time format in Perguntus fixtures
* t1593: Fix endpoints in GPSDemoUI.yaml
* t1593: Fix templating when setting funf_connector_base_url in GPSDemo.yaml
* t1593: Rename GPSDemo's PDS to GPSDemoPDS
* t1792: sync qa-develop with v0.8.3 from master
* t1792: correct SSL parameter in Private Registry manifest
* t1792: disable debugger by default, in Private Registry manifest
* t1209: update manifests.json with the latest from the YAML files
* t2049: Namespace OIDC-related template variables in manifests


oms-experimental
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* t790: Add module summary doc to all Python modules
* t906: if questions email fails to send, let the user know
* t702: fixed backend related issues with cron
* t702 - update APP_OIDC_HOST to OIDC_BASE_URL on all files
* t702: refactor Perguntus check_questions()
* t1609 - removed the link to kodkod vm and moved it into the project.
* t1610 - removed static token from gps javascripts. added OMSOIDC module to add token to requests
* t1609 - removed hardcoded hostname from gpsui
* t1593: Add missing import in prox_sandbox/admin.py
* t1792: update qa-develop with v0.8.3 from master


oms-ui
~~~~~~

* t790: add module summary doc to python modules


oms-oidc
~~~~~~~~

* 4674017 Created an entry for the EclipseLink persistence, which is currently unused, and also limited the amount of logging done to FINE. Now only SQLs are logged, which is considerably  bet
* 58f042e I have defined a custom logger to redirect EclipseLink's logging output to the application log, rather than the server's stdout. Now everything is neat and readable.
* 478ce51 I can define the DDL from Spring only when the tables are not defined already. I cannot run the initialization SQLs only when the database is freshly initialized, though. Not yet. An
* cc02908 I added the ability to change the active user with a command line. This triggered a massive cleanup of all database scripts. Also, my failed DDL-generation experiment gave me all the
* 732c408 Update EclipseLinkSessionLogger.java
* a8789b6 Added a SQL script to insert the BPP App client.
* 70d9b7f Documentation cleanup + added log4j appender to syslog.
* fa8797e t871: Replaced all references of IDOIC to OIDC as to preserve some sanity when more than one acronym means the same thing.
* e6b2f6e Codehale Metrics integration, with logging to JMX and Graphite. The Graphite part is untested right now.
* 7541990 t1839: add CONTRIBUTING.md and reference ID3 wiki article
* 3015533 Update content on the About, Home and Contact pages to point to the relevant ID3 resources rather than MITRE's ones.
* a47bb8a Changed a bit of wording and replaced the Redmine link with the Github issue tracker link for OIDC.
* 67e407d Updated reference to the new developer's guide, which replaced the setup guide Wiki and the setup guide on the docs site.


python-oidc
~~~~~~~~~~~

* t1839: add CONTRIBUTING.md and reference ID3 wiki article


v0.8.3
------

Focal Points
~~~~~~~~~~~~

oms-docs
~~~~~~~~

* t1441: initial commit for new docs proposal
* t968: detail first steps with deployment
* t1481: remove specific versions from requirements.txt
* t1481: refactor README.md - detail how to contribute
* t1480: refine styling and fix accordion in navbar
* t1477: comment out snippet about VRC and other next steps for the future
* t1477: improve details RE first steps of deployment
* t1477: detail domain/SSL setup in first_steps.rst
* t1480: change styles and colors
* t1477: add sphinx.ext.todo module to conf.py
* t1477: hide docs that are not yet ready or required
* t1477: correct tmux commands
* t1477: add Private TCC deployment docs
* t1478: point to oms-kickstart config in master branch
* t1477: add helpful notes about SSL in first_steps.rst
* t1477: import Persona/CoreID resources from wiki
* t1477: swap example_header include for tutorial_setup.inc
* t1477: import GPS Demo Tutorial from MoinMoin
* t1481: reference tables in rst, for doc contributors
* t1477: import Perguntus Demo Tutorial from MoinMoin
* t1509: Update GPS Demo docs
* t1480: completely refactor theme & style
* t1477: include manual db setup for OIDC deployment
* t1477: disable 'Edit on Github' link for now
* t1477: update examples & conventions in README.md
* t1477: update index.rst to maintain 80 character width
* t1477: update Perguntus docs
* t1529: update OIDC deployment docs, remove manual steps
* t1477: update a few details noted by Patrick
* t1529: remove oidc doc cruft from last update
* t1568: add ID3 MIT license to oms-docs
* t1567: reactivate and update FAQ
* t1477: update main page, sync with updates to MoinMoin
* t1540: fix responsive styling issues with navbar
* t1477: update to sync up with recent changes to wiki
* t1569: reactivate and update contributing section
* t1477: add an outline of sections in these docs
* t1477: add the doc outline to contributing/documentation.rst
* t1480: completely refactor theme & style
* t1477: move initial_deploy to kickstart_oms
* t1555: refactor TAB Developer VM setup guide
* t1555: update URL to current VM image
* t1479: add a section on OIDC
* t1479: update OIDC section to wrap at 80 characters
* t1816: replace OIDCs setup guide with a developers guide
* t1813: fixup links on /introduction/concepts
* t1590: refactor the navbar - make is usable
* t1821: add virtualbox install guide/reference
* t1821: new guide on using packer.io to build vm image
* t1821: update the new guide on building VM images with packer
* t1555: update the TAB Dev VM Setup Guide
* t1829: update wiki link to details for contributors
* t1839: add CONTRIBUTING.md and reference ID3 wiki article
* t1166: slight improvement for the top-level index/overview
* t1556: create a guide for contributing to documentation
* t1855: document details of release process
* t1816: revamp the OIDC Developer's Guide
* t1819: Move TAB Tutorial from wiki to oms-docs
* t1568: add ID3 MIT license to oms-docs
* t1878: TAB Tutorial updates


oms-kickstart
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* t1476: run state.highstate one last time for the user
* t1792: set oms-deploy revision to master


oms-admin
~~~~~~~~~

* t1315: add unicode encoding declaration
* t1504: basic functions for processing the manifest as a template
* t1504: process the manifest as a jinja template
* t1504: fix bugs related to the last commit
* t1792: bump version to v0.8.3
* t1792: merge v0.8.3 to master


oms-deploy
~~~~~~~~~~

* t1419: Update logstash to 1.2.1
* t1290: minor correction in logstash state
* t1445: update salt states to do what bootstrap did
* t1458: remove shell scripts from oms-deploy
* t308: refactor manifest documentation
* t1476: fix PPA/GPG details in mongo state
* t1487: move root-specific details from oms state >> root.sls
* t1487: import OIDC states and dependencies from salt-(non)-common
* t1487: include an nginx location block for OIDC
* t1478: checkout master branch on each repo, by default
* t1536: update default nginx vhost config for our sanity
* t1487: tweak OIDC pillar keys
* t1553: a simple hostname state for ubuntu
* t1553: include hostname state in fullstack.sls
* t1553: add a deployment config for oms-admin
* t1529: oidc state refactor
* t1529: update how we initialize the OIDC db
* t1556: checkout oms-docs repo with OMS source code
* t1556: ensure states create OMS python and bin directories
* t1556: make it easier to hack on oms-docs
* t1529: let salt set default oidc db username and password
* t1572: base state ensures tmux and vim are installed
* t1504: fix bug RE use of check_results() in oms_deploy.api
* t1792: bump version to v0.8.3


oms-core
~~~~~~~~

* t1476: ensure Registry's embedded services are disabled by default
* t551:  add oms-deploy as a dependency to Registry manifest
* t1593: Fix endpoints in GPSDemoUI.yaml
* t1593: Update access token in GPSDemo.yaml
* t1593: Rename GPSDemo's PDS to GPSDemoPDS
* t1792: merge v0.8.3 to master


oms-experimental
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* t907: add docstrings to perguntus ui and backend
* t1593: Add missing import in prox_sandbox/admin.py
* t1593: Add missing import in prox_sandbox/admin.py
* t1610 - removed static token from gps javascripts. added OMSOIDC module to add token to requests
* t1610 - removed static token from gps javascripts. added OMSOIDC module to add token to requests
* t1792: Merge v0.8.3 into master


oms-oidc
~~~~~~~~

* 742a482 maintaining the reset-db script for the approved site feature for personas


python-oidc
~~~~~~~~~~~

* t1367: set license, author & maintainer


v0.8.2
------

Focal Points
~~~~~~~~~~~~

oms-kickstart
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* t820: add standard .gitignore
* t820: include initial kickstart shell script
* t820: add initial kickstart-oms.py
* t820: include an example YAML kickstart config
* t820: refactor README based on kickstart-oms.py
* t1446: add ability to run arbitrary salt modules
* t1446: update example.yaml to include post_kick
* t1461: additional docs on both basic and advanced use
* t1477: ensure README makes note to use tmux
* t1478: add YAML configs for release and latest dev
* t1463: install a specific version of salt-minion


oms-deploy
~~~~~~~~~~

* 1156: include ALLOWED_HOSTS in settings.py.tpl
* t779: embedded TAB services can pass extra parameters to uwsgi
* t779: improve docs/comments for services section of the manifest
* t1194: ensure we validate the app manifest against its config spec
* t1195: ensure run_tests is properly handled/evaluated as a boolean
* t1197: try to read manifest as .yaml before .ini
* t1197: add PyYAML dependency to setup.py
* t1145: convert /var/www/python >> /var/oms/python
* t808: Replace print with Python logging
* t847: correct port parameter in manifest app configspec
* t961: ensure oms-deploy does not step on the SSH public key
* t285: OIDC state in salt-non-common repo has the repo taken care of
* t1146: convert /var/www/python/modules/ >> /var/oms/src/
* t1292: remove incorrect bootstrap complete message
* t875: manage OMS repos in salt
* t1201: correct postgres state
* t1359: update list of OMS repos - include those in active development
* t1315: declare utf-8 encoding in python sources files
* t702: embedded services can now use uwsgi cron scheduler
* t702: fix enabling embedded services
* t1364: properly execute commands in the virtualenv context - for embedded services
* 1415: bump version to v0.8.2


oms-core
~~~~~~~~

* t725: get portal to deploy private registry on another host - edit this msg
* t565: Break up registry into portal_registry and private_registry moduels (first pass)
* t565: Update private_registry.ini to use private_registry module
* t565: Move registry fixtures into appropriate modules
* t842: Delete ID3Registry.ini; copy in portal.ini from oms-deploy as PortalRegistry.ini
* t845: Create PersonaLink in portal registry during registration
* t850: Rename urls_portal.py and urls_private.py to urls.py
* t817: initial persona models/api resources
* merge initial persona APIs >> refactored registry modules
* t795: integrate persona implementation >> registry
* t565: move user registration backend >> portal_registry
* t814: Add ENABLE_PORTAL_REGISTRATION to django-constance
* t852: clean up cruft from persona refactor
* t853: remove old registry doc in prep for updates
* t795: correct use of API Resources in private_registry.api
* t682: add initial CoreIDs API Resource
* t814: merge portal registration config switch >> personas QA
* t565: move registration templates >> portal_registry module
* t814: template for New User Registration closed
* t852: correct references to Personas in VRC
* t842: simplify use of portal_registry config tpl
* t842: update manifests for Portal/Private Registry
* t845: correct reference to PersonaLink model in personas API
* t852: do not create old Persona during user registration
* t842: add urls param to Portal Registry manifest
* t861: set Registry tastypie datetime format to rfc-2822
* t1: add license to personas module
* t795: merge updates from v0.7.1-rc >> personas feature branch
* t945: correct imports in Registry URLs - merge and update from qa-develop
* t874: Add Perguntus fixture from uidemo.idhypercubed.org
* t859: add json fixture with an example oic-compatible persona
* t859: add oic-compatible Principal Persona
* t962: create navigation content block in base template
* t962: update common registry template to use navigation blocko
* t982: merge personas feature branch >> qa-develop
* t708: update django-tastypie to v0.9.16 in Portal/Private Registry manifests
* t951: when we create a User, create an API Key too
* t682: correct idc_admin field on CoreIDs API
* t951: add api_key field to CoreIDs API
* t682: correct missing label in personas.admin
* t900: custom authentication class for CoreIDs API
* t900: enable DjangoPasswordAuthentication() on CoreID API
* t990: upgrade Registry to django 1.5.1
* t885: Add arbiter module
* t885: Add license to new API Transformer files
* t886: Add fixture for Perguntus
* t885 - set manifest urls.py to include share.html and not sharing.html template
* t886: Add Perguntus state fixture
* t1001: OMSOIDC.js expects the app to specify OIDC client/scope/host for token authorization
* t1002: include scope/client/host in Perguntus UI manifest
* t942: update Perguntus Backend manifest for the API Transformer
* t942: add perguntus_state fixture to manifest (Perguntus Backend)
* t985: initial view, form & template to create a CoreID
* t985: add CoreID create view to Private Registry
* t962: tweak css in registry-base.html
* t990: correct tastypie version in Registry manifests, .16 is git dev (next release)
* t985: add Dashboard redirect view
* t995: Add initial django oidc_token module
* t995: Add push_token/ URL to Private Registry
* t1003: POST token to backend once received from OIDC
* t565: duplicate fixtures for Private Registry
* t991: Persona Wizard on coreID page - without backbone.
* t1001: use OIDC_HOST constance config key, update manifests and js
* t991: wizard now create personas on coreid flow
* t971: update scopes for Private Registry tokens
* t991: disable Persona API hiding oic_compatible flag
* t971: disable OpenIdConnectAuthorization() on VRC APIs (for demo)
* t989: Portal Registry user registration refactor
* t994: Create NoOp TCC deployment task
* t990: add ALLOWED_HOSTS setting to Portal manifest
* t1012: add demo-specific TCC deploy task
* t994: fix use of app_urls in Portal's welcome UI
* t1004: intial integration of dynamic persona creation wizard into TAB deploy flow
* t967: ensure hosts fixture loaded into Private Registry
* t1003: hide failed POST token alert message on Core IDs page
* Revert "t1012: add demo-specific TCC deploy task"
* t779: update workerd service config in the Portal/Private Registry
* t1015: Create new token for GPSDemo app
* t1179: Add missing Tastypie dep (mimeparse) to manifests' pip_requirements
* t1175: Pin pytz version for pip 1.4
* t1194: remove extra parameters covered by defaults (in manifests)
* t1203: Create module with PDS base functionality
* t1210: remove unused URLs from portal_registry.urls
* t959: remove login link from Registry UI nav bar
* t1224: Fix ALLOWED_HOSTS values in manifests
* t1205: Use pds_base with GPSDemo
* t1198: Update manifests to pin Django at 1.5.3
* t1198: Update manifests to pin Django at 1.5.4
* t1204: Add logging to pds_base
* t1243: Add pds_base support to PerguntusDemo.ini manifest
* t1203: Make pds_base.models.PdsModel abstract
* t1251: Update Perguntus fixtures with new pds_base fields
* t1259: Remove virtualenv_root and module_root settings from Perguntus manifests
* t1257: Remove resource app from GPSDemo.ini manifest
* t1261: Remove unused settings vars in GPSDemo.ini manifest
* t1264: Update GPSDemo fixture with new pds_base fields
* t1242: Use haversine formula for calculating distance in prox_sandbox module
* t937: Rename API Transformer to FACT
* t1197: convert INI-formatted manifests to YAML
* t1301: Update access token in GPSDemo.yaml manifest
* t1315: declare unicode encoding in all python source
* t1258: Update Perguntus to use new PDS app
* t1172: include predefined questions in Perguntus manifest
* t1364: simplify commands in embedded services, for each Registry
* t1235: Add manifest and fixture for PerguntusPlus
* t1235: Fix PerguntusPlus email recipient
* t1372: Update GPSDemo token
* t1265: Add NOOP FACT to GPSDemo
* t1346: remove client/scope/token defaults hardcoded into OMSOIDC.js
* t1346: refactor oidc_host as oidc_base_url in OMSOIDC.js
* t1346: OMSOIDC.js should require scope/client/url


oms-experimental
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* t870: add license to perguntus_backend.send_question
* t938: Change "trust wrapper" to "TAB" in oms-experimental
* t932: Limit code to 80 columns in GPSDemo sandboxes
* t931: Sort ClientLocationResource in model, not in resource
* t885: Add API Transformer feature
* t885: Add Authorization class to PerguntusStateResource
* t885: Add license to new API Transformer files
* t885: Rename "filter" to "transform"
* t886: Create simple UI to manipulate Perguntus state object
* t885: Use haversine formula to measure distance
* t942 - fixed JS error when no data
* t942 - fixed loading leaflet JS module locally (fix HTTPS issues)
* t942 - fixed question saved as 'text' and not 'open'. added notification of messages in days logs. showing yes/no questions on map
* t942 - added notification of total messages for month
* t942 - removed sharing page
* t942 - removed phone from settings page
* t942 - fix delete capability. now delete question. added confirmation for delete
* Merge branch 't885' into t942
* t942 - restore sharing page. set it to marucry page.
* t942 - fixed sharing menu hidden in menu page
* t942 - edit question progress. sharing page enhancements.
* t942 - editing functionally done.
* t942 - removed auth from answering questions
* t942 - removed auth from answering questions
* t942 - removed auth from answering questions
* t942 - Yes/No questions get counted into the log and show up too
* t942 - Make sure graph is scaled 0-10
* t942 - added a nice time chooser to add a question form
* t886: Always allow object creation in DSAuthorization class
* t886: Move list_to_boolean decorator to perguntus_backend/decorators.py
* Merge updates to Perguntus Backend >> t942
* t1002: add OMS OIDC UI module to PerguntusUI
* t1002: add OMS OIDC UI module to PerguntusUI
* t971: fix various issues in Perguntus, prior to demo
* t1205: Use pds_base with GPSDemo
* t877: if Perguntus questions API fails, make it clear
* t1243: Add pds_base support to perguntus_backend module
* t1257: Remove Resource Server stub from GPSDemo
* t1261: Remove old unit tests from pds_sandbox and prox_sandbox modules
* t1242: Use haversine formula for calculating distance in prox_sandbox module
* t937: Rename API Transformer to FACT
* t1258: perguntus_backend cleanup (whitespace and imports)
* t1258: Remove unused file perguntus_backend/tests.py
* t1258: Add license to files in perguntus_backend where it is missing
* t1258: Create perguntus_pds module
* t1258: Update Perguntus code to use new PDS app
* t1315: Declare utf-8 encoding in Python sources files
* t1172: quick start questions UI updates for perguntus
* t906: if questions email fails to send, let the user know
* t1235: Add django-admin command to check proximity and send an email
* t1265: Add NOOP FACT to GPSDemo
* t1: Add license to two empty Python files


oms-ui
~~~~~~

* c74b43a t827 - personas management ui basic functionality
* 6df41b8 PersonasManagmentUI facelift
* 7f364ae add ManifestSelection to Persona to initiate Wizard
* e6281a0 updated file names
* 4d28be5 added template files
* 5fa88a3 added JS files (removed because of rename)
* 40cfd90 added padding for support of header
* 08cc2f6 remove unused python source from personas_management_ui
* 54e238c t1: adding missing license to personas_management_ui


oms-oidc
~~~~~~~~

* 87b1b83 Migrate to version 1.0.9 of MITRE's OIC code.
* 984c8ed Implemented handling for scenarios where there is no user authenticated, but there is client. This is important as some of the new flows being integrate will make a heavy use of that
* 458eb56 Added a lot of testing for the non-user-approved and client credential scenarios. If these ever break again, I will know right away.
* acc7b56 Added tests for refresh tokens and introspect tests for refresh and ID tokens.
* d5e8b25 Reintegrated the User Registry component as per Justin's feedback. A simple properly-written Authentication Provider does the same amount of work as all the code I deleted.
* 904d3fe Implemented Persona support for MITRE's own Introspect endpoint, and added tests for it. Also, fixed a bug managing the Jetty servers by some integration tests. And finally stopped t
* 38087ff Added some Javadoc and annotations to the parts I have added to the customized Persona-Aware Token Introspection endpoint.
* 8ab74a5 Forgot one.
* 2829ce5 Added a managed client entity + repository for use by the client credentials flow.
* 26929e4 Added an extra check if the cascading to ClientDetails works.
* bdc5fb2 Implemented a token enhancer to add the governing user personas to the client when the client credentials flow is used, properly adjusting the scopes on the client. A client credenti
* 3151a4c A little cleanup for consistency in getting ready to wire the ManagedClient concept into the dynamic registration.
* aacb7b2 Cleanup of imports.
* f1ea197 Dynamic Client Registration functionality now implemented, but yet to be tested. Fixed a bug with superclient API causing it to report on scopes requested for token, not those grante
* a659f6d A lot of little cleanup all over the place. Tested the new feature manually as much as I could, I have yet to write the automated tests. Updated the IDOIC-DEMO project for up-to-date
* c8ddb8c Added some testing for the dynamic client registration. Not nearly enough, but it is end-to-end: More to come.
* f568ae9 Added additional unit tests for client registration, allowed server to configure itself from a property file, created tests for initialization from property file
* 346ba6d Fixed a benign error with the HSQL database used for unit and integration testing. In-memory databases don't like being redefined.
* ae313c5 Fixed one of the dynamic registration tests and added an additional one to test a user granting additional personas interactively.
* 0e93dcb one more time
* 7c4c625 Forgot to restore the @Ignore on WaitAndDoNothingIntegrationTest. This is my test for debugging integration tests, I don't want it holding the build.
* d94f156 Added logic to restrict admin access to a token approved by an administrator, except when the superclient scope is there and approved.
* d05b65f Added a new profile for TWO.
* 118a6b9 Update Setup Guide.rst
* 4bfc434 Persona Approval feature development complete on the persona approval side.
* 219b1b1 cleaned up an eye-sore.
* 4971169 configuration to make the initial implementation of the Persona User Approval on the Persona approval page. It appears to work.
* 00a33a1 Added batch configuration needed to clean up the persona approval site table periodically.
* 810c36f missing a zero
* a9e2ce7 Merge remote-tracking branch 'origin/t763-persona-solution' into t763-persona-solution
* a119af6 Fixed a typo in property file and the Spring configuration it drives (t1403)
* a5fec12 Moved integration testing Jetty server to port 18080 from 8080, and the authorization code Jetty server from port 8081 to 18081. (t1433)
* 6a75abf removed the whitelisted_site_id from the id3_persona_approved_site table. It makes not sense to whitelist user personas on a client, personas are a user concept and there is no way t
* 94857c4 Added a PersonaApprovedSite API, similar to the ApprovedSite one. Also, formatted personas to display with their relevant sections only by adding a custom view for them. Finally, cha
* c6cc4f7 Added a big unit test testing the entire persona approval decision flow + the entire persona approval API.
* 56df02f Forgot to validate the personas into the remembered decision.
* f0f8815 Started writing a test for the persona solution usecase (unfinished) and found and fixed a bug with the persona solution: a gap. The initial registration token is being removed if th
* 0b847ea Finished writing the persona usecase integration test. Found a fixed a bug in my token helpers for the integration tests. Extracted one of embedded integration VOs out of the test as
* a3fb860 Implemented the Persona-Approved Sites UI as a separate feature.
* 1cc3f92 Fixed database script to define database tables for cross-table relationships.


python-oidc
~~~~~~~~~~~

* 705ac4b license
* ca60bc7 add PyCharm project files to gitignore
* de94c7d add virtualenv to gitignore
* a5ab9fc start working on the Client class
* 2f1a64b add some more default fields from the API docs
* d4a2631 CRUD endpoints
* a1421da instead of using a dict as attributes, create object from dict, and dump it to one
* f2bea51 method to get the reqests method based on the endpoint
* 4603bee create
* 284022c read
* 186e0f2 update
* 71a53e7 delete
* 1ad746e save creates or updates
* 48ad18b get is a synonym for read
* ae1f01a utility functions for updating scopes
* 0929544 get all clients list from server
* 6b990f1 base class for API objects
* 3d6a479 Token API class
* b219c3a parent Api object, takes care of providing identifying user for requests
* 739f846 better name for baseclass
* ecb8718 t806: Hook up to server (logrus); miscellaneous cleanup; add unit tests
* d55a8d4 t806: Pass in host instead of hardcoding
* a255feb DRY: use _API_ROOT directly in _get_endpoint
* 9d7263d move host part of the URL to the Api class
* 65c7a66 add default scopes and personas to api
* 103257f we need the _api member in classmethods as well, so saving it in __init__ is no good
* 8869343 style: use the _api class member instead of the closure variable
* aeba3ed bugfix
* e8e88f2 DRY: refactor out the Authorization header
* 417559b offline_access is giving trouble
* e2168e5 fix the Token.read method
* e42993a keep CRUD methods public
* e49f11b add a Token.save method just to be coherent with the Client API
* 7cbb2fb convert Token.accessTokenExpiresAt to datetime object
* 1d52fb9 Merge pull request t2 from Lacrymology/IDCubed/pr1
* 2c7b73a utility method to wrap HTTPErrors with MitreIdExceptions
* 5e3b4fe don't lose the original exceptions when raising a MitreIdException
* 5e90046 make sure the created client is deleted even if a test fails
* c497cde until tokens stop expiring, I cannot be sure I'll know the default token's properties
* a142603 new token
* 623d3b9 Token.read() doesn't have default values anymore
* 3070036 Merge pull request t1 from Lacrymology/master


